[[{'review': 'I love this game so much it’s so fun I always color ASMR studio I don’t know why but this is the best game I am eight and I love fidget so much and I always wanted to take a trade on my phone a lot which my phone is an iPhone SE my cousin has an iPhone 11 and my other cousin has an iPhone iOS I think but I love this so much I love this game so much and I’ve always wanted to visit trade my cousins been making tick-tock‘s at fidget trading lately and my TickTock is lowercase isabellasmith766 but my TickTock cousin with her color that sometimes she makes inappropriate TickTock sometimes and I delete them she mostly does it on my Mimi‘s iPad I don’t know my name is account but I just love this game so much so I’ll be doing it on my TickTock so guys anybody wants to know my TickTock remember my TickTock just go back and read this again and find my user name which is really easy to find thank you for presenting this game.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 15, 50, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'isabellasmith766', 'title': 'The best game ever'}, {'review': 'i like the idea of fidget trading and all of this, but i have some concerns. ⬇️⬇️ (READ)\n⚠️1⚠️there’s this annoying coin bubble that floats around where you’re tapping, so it forces u to watch a video. this seems very annoying and forceful. if i want to watch a video to get coins, I WILL DO IT BY MY OWN WILL. \n⚠️2⚠️ the amount of ads are horrible. after EVERY game, there’s an ad. after EVERYTHING, there’s an ad. you should have WAY less. it gets to the point where i don’t want to play because there’s too much. \n⚠️3⚠️ in the game, there’s an option to retry the fidget trading if u failed, but u have to watch a video. if you click no, IT STILL GIVES YOU AN AD but it doesn’t let you retry. and therefore, it’s basically worthless. this is stupid. \n⚠️4⚠️ say you had a very bad fidget trading round and you only got 1 thing, but it’s still in the green, you will get 200 coins. but if u have a really good trading session and u achieve 10 fidgets, YOU STILL GET 200 coins! i strongly think you should get a different amount of coins varying of the rarity and amount of what you earned.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 22, 34, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'whattheheff', 'title': 'good idea, bad execution'}, {'review': 'Hey non-binary friends, Emily here and I highly suggest this game. It is very addicting like drinking soda from a water bottle. Gotta learn how to scam some way. I recommend watching fidgettok and learning all about this amazing experience. I used to be bored all the time thinking what I was gonna do with my life while waiting to start second grade and I found this amazing game. I have been busy ever since and sometimes even tell my mom I’m busy 🙄 Anyways back to what I was saying if I could rate this game a 10 then I would rate it a 70. Playing this game is as easy as solving 1+1. Thats 3 btw. If you don’t know math you should go to school📚 peace ✌️ 🏳️\u200d⚧️', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 0, 52, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'emilyfidget123', 'title': 'Amogus'}, {'review': 'Honestly, this isn’t anything special.  I downloaded it after watching an ad on TikTok and was a bit disappointed.  There are some things that definitely could use some improvement.  There are WAY too many ads.  I am talking like an add every two or three levels, which I would consider absurd.  It seems as though it is simply a money-making scheme.  Not a fan of that.  Plus, in some levels, all you do is place stickers or pop fidgets.  And if you are here from a TikTok ad as well, don’t get your hopes up.  You don’t really get to “scam” people. 😂 So yes, that was false advertisement.  Unfortunately, that was the reason most people downloaded this app, including myself.  In conclusion, the idea itself has a lot of potential, as proven by the 60k+ likes on the advertisement.  The execution, however, is pretty amateur.  The majority of games are like this in 2021.  I was genuinely hoping this would be a needle in a haystack but ultimately, it isn’t.  Hope this helps. :-)', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 34, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ConnorD08', 'title': 'Good Idea, Poor Execution.'}, {'review': 'So, for starters when I saw the ad for this game it said that you could get scammed but clearly you cannot. I have had this game for a while and then a few days ago I looked on the cover on the game and it looked like you could get scammed. So I went in the game and you still can’t get scammed. I was very disappointed. Another thing is that you can now collect pop it’s but you do nothing with them. Please add it to where you can trade the fidgets you collect that would make this game so much better. One last thing is that I seen people have been complaining about how there are too many levels and they just wanna trade. I am one of those people and the creator thought it was a good idea to add MORE levels! I mean now the levels are a bit more fun but there are like 3 of them! Please fix this game and if you do maybe I will consider writing a better review.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 0, 45, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Pumpkin Pie🥧', 'title': 'This game can be so much better.'}, {'review': 'For starters the ads i know a lot of people already say this but it’s truly annoying I would like to just do a game and move on a couple of them are ok but after every single game no way Jose. Also I would like to buy more than just pop it’s plus once you buy all the pop it’s and watch the ads for some there’s no point for money, I also wish that after you trade you can see all the stuff also I don’t like how the fingets are the same thing like why am I trading money and a spider man lego like it just doesn’t make sense also the little kid games that are in there i don’t find it fun. Also that dumb little bubble with a coin that floats around like every where I’m trying to click it’s there. But the pop it sounds are nice I would like some simple dimples or Something and also to be able to add people and trade with other irl people. And  just not being able to play with the figets you get from trading I just don’t like it. But that’s all I got to say 😐😑😐🐸', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 20, 3, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Yoyr mom 😀😃', 'title': 'It gets boring after awhile 🙄'}, {'review': 'so this game is really cool but there are a few things… for one when your finish a trade you get coins but u cant buy anything with them- it’s just there. Another thing the mini games are great but i wish you could choose whether or not you want to do them because some of them aren’t fun they are kinda babyish but the pop it sounds are pretty good. another thing is i wish you could see all the fidgets you have instead of them just showing you like 5 that you can trade. i also wish when your trading your fidgets they don’t put down the same stuff that’s on your side it kinda kills the fun because your trading something for the same thing you have i also wish that with the currency you can buy different fidgets because u feel like i’m trading the same few fidgets every time it’s like all the same stuff you’ve seen or traded could definitely use some improvements 😬', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 22, 12, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'a annoyed girl', 'title': 'It’s… ok'}, {'review': 'i’m not going to write ‘to many ads’ because this is a mobile game and there are to many ads on every single one. I like this game, but (at least to the point that i have gotten to) you aren’t allowed fo scam anyone, which was something showed in the ad i came across for this game. It got boring after a while. I also wish that there was a menu section where you could see how many, and which fidgets you have. then it would be more realistic, so you could trade to ‘get to the top’ and ‘get all types of fidgets’. Also this is a reach, but I think it would be wonderful if there was a “trading hub” and you pick who you want to trade with. You can also see what type of fidgets they want. overall, good game, but has a lot further to go than it is at right now', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 13, 20, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lexie Hails', 'title': 'there are so many things you could add'}, {'review': 'This game is fun but it’s not the best game I’ve played. I have games like this and they have better quality and less ads. This is not a highly recommended game if you already have a game like this then you probably would not want to down load this one and probably want to download a different one like this because it’s not high quality is not very fun and you can get scammed very well so do not trust the bar that would like to say like this is a bad a bad trade or this is a great trade just go with your gut OK that is your instincts and yes. So this is not a very good game and I do not suggest this for you but if you like like ads and stuff and you like funny new games then I suggest this is for you because it has so many ads. Also  right as I download it it it gave me an ad so I had to wait for the ad and then I could play the first level.\n\nBye', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 56, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mamapumkinhead', 'title': 'Not high-quality'}, {'review': 'So I just got this game yesterday and it is the best game ever. But I feel like after a while it will get really boring and I really don’t like how much ads that they put in the game like you say no to something in they’ll still give you add and it’s so annoying. Like I know they’re trying to get money but like you put 100 ads for no reason. Although on the good hand it has a bunch of like mini games in there and I think that’s really cool and fun also I like the sound that it makes it’s really fun. But on the downside this can get really boring and also sometimes it glitches so it’s like even worse. But this is a pretty good game so I would probably recommend buying it because at the end of the day I have nothing else better to do so😀', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 16, 58, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hhfjvdjdd', 'title': 'Great but could be better'}, {'review': 'I personally love this game. But what it could really need is an ad break. There has been so many ads that I can’t even play the game? I mean- this game should be called the ad game. There is to many ads!! And the trading with somebody else part is very fun! But when I finish trading, I get an ad. And when the ad finishes, I have to pop a poppet? It’s honestly really boring, and I just wanna get to the trading part already! And there is so many ads when you get done playing the mini games aka (popping a poppet) or something like that. And the ads take- FOREVER?! It’s honestly crazy how you guys would rather have people download and delete it again. Because of how many ads it takes to play the game, and because of how many boring mini games there is in order to get to the fun trading part?', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 22, 22, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '177283048256103030003928620273', 'title': 'Remove some ads!'}, {'review': 'So I saw this on TikTok and I was like “oh it would be funny if I scammed someone in the game” so I got it. And OMG it’s addicting!\n\nI love how they added a feature to scroll and see all of your fidgets! ONE question/problem\n\nWhen I’m trading, there are like these faded gray boxes that block me from adding an item to the trade. Even when there is 5 of that item. If you could fix that, please do!\n\nThis is a recommendation! It would be cool if you were able to scam people like in the ads. I’m talking about being able to trade an iPhone case with that post-it note saying “SCAMMED!” And when you do the trade they get mad!\n\nANOTHER recommendation! Being able to take things out of the trade! Once I added a pop it into the trade but I was thinking to fast and wanted to add AirPods instead! I’d think you could drag the item out of the trade! That’s all!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 12, 13, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AveryLovesAll', 'title': 'This game is actually fun- just a problem'}, {'review': 'So many ads. I’ve just downloaded this completed a level and already gotten a add it’s a 75% chance you get a ad after a round. 50% if you decline a bonus prize. It’s a great game though. The bubble pop sounds are nice, though I just wish there were more sound effects like for when I get the coins or a nice deal. This game is quite laggy I’ve gotten kicked out a few times. I feel pretty mad when I decline a prize for a ad just to get a ad. Please tone down the ads. You still could make lots of money just by doing small rewards for the players if they watch a ad. It would be a lot better and your game then would be almost perfect! This is a nice game if you don’t mind ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 0, 36, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tiny m e', 'title': 'Please before downloading.'}, {'review': 'Ok so this game is very fun 🤩 Cons :but when I saw that you could get scammed I was happy but then I found out you can’t get scammed I was very disappointed with this then the update came and you still cannot get scammed you can also collet fidgets but the only thing you can do is pop them I would like to trade them too the adds are a lot after every mini game you get an add u think an add every 3 levels is ok for me Pros :The trading is fun and weird lol the mini games are fun too I like the trading the best I like when you remove the tape suggestions: less adds more fidgets that aren’t pop it’s and getting scammed and more mini games other than that it’s great 👍', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 2, 6, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'why do hou pay for this', 'title': 'Pro and cons'}, {'review': 'This game is really fun, when you get the app you think you can trade, scam, and play with fidgets but when you really get it. All the trades are unfair, and when the other person is giving you something and you offer they add something even though they are the person we’re offering to. The trades too, sometimes when I am trading the bar on the side says the trade is fair but then the bot says to add. Lastly there are way too many advertisements. For me there is an for like every single trade and bonus round, it’s ridiculous how many advertisements there are. Thank you reading my review if you are the person who made this app please fix those things. Bye!', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 15, 3, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'yuhhhh get intoo ittttttttt', 'title': 'Not the best…'}, {'review': 'By reading the reviews..I thought I like the game which I still do , it’s just the ads , like everybody else is saying I didn’t expect it to be that many ads but I did expect it to be a lot of them , it is an ad after every single thing that you do , not everything just saying you know , metaphors , but like almost everything you do , when you don’t want to watch an ad , and you put no thanks you still have to watch its like you’re forced to watch  it , and u can’t do nothing about it , The game will be so much better with not all these ads , it’s just too much in the game , but the game is fun that’s all I have to say about this game..', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 17, 33, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'brookie0909', 'title': 'My review'}, {'review': 'u can’t even scam anybody it’s nothing like the tiktok ad u can’t even get a jumbo pop it i also HATE the ads u get them every single level also in between the tradings the ad on tiktok looked so much fun you can’t even get scores u only get scores on mini games and you always lose when the bar is on bad trade especially when they tell u to add when they are supposed to add, you need to work on this crusty  game cause you can’t even do what the ad does, i’d rather make it seem like the tiktok ad instead of making it something very different. u barely even get to trade. if u are seeing this and you want to download it, download trade master it has less ads and its basically the same thing as the ads, don’t let this game fool u at all. this game is horrible', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 18, 43, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'can u change a bit?', 'title': 'this game is AWFUL'}, {'review': 'This game is fun and all but it has a lot of adds and the game itself is very glitchy and seems like it needs a bug fix. I also think you should work on the graphics like 2 unattached arms gathering the fidget is very strange. And also when you build pop it’s and play with pop it’s why don’t we do the ones from the collection thing otherwise what is it even for? And why does it get mad when you give the other person a lot of fidgets I would rather have more than a little so I just think this game needs improvement and more fidgets to trade', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 0, 41, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fox it!!!', 'title': 'Adjustments please'}, {'review': 'The game overall is horrible. There is so many ads! Also there’s like a 40% chance you actually get to trade and when you do it’s sometimes unfair. The mini games are basically all pop-it games and when you are done with two/three you get a 15-20 second long ad. On top of that there’s a coin that flies around when you trade and blocks you from adding/accepting/declining, and when you hit it you get an ad.\n\n When you get three keys, you can get three. Chest. There’s this one chest though that I guess is rare and if you want to get it it have to get an ad. But even if you don’t get it you still have to get an ad to keep playing! The game is so stupid and I should have looked at the reviews before downloading it.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 21, 20, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Callie768', 'title': 'This game is horrible (PLEASE READ)'}, {'review': 'I love the game but the amount of ads..no disrespect but if you broke and need to add like 1000 ads per level just say that… And it’s boring it’s called fidget trading but you trade in the game like once every 10 levels, I say it’s boring because all you do is paint and trade fidgets. Like why can’t there be a time we go to the store to buy more fidgets to trade? And last of all it’s NOTHING LIKE THE ADS. the ads say you open your iphone AirPods etc at the end and what happens instead you take it all and just pass the level. No matter how god of bad the trade is they just say “You completed the level!” Say I’m a Karen but I’m stating the obvious.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 1, 0, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MadWeird', 'title': 'The main dislikes'}], [{'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': "l love voodoo game's", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 4, 53, 35), 'review': 'So I say u should download it because it’s a fun game but the difficulty is like a one for me it’s not that hard and I like things to be difficult you might not but I think the difficulty is really low and they need to make the difficulty level higher and the ad just seems like a stupid person doesn’t know how to do that and it’s super easy and I think they should make it to where you can do it because then people don’t want to do it if you say harder than you think so that’s why I think you should download the game because it’s a fun game but it’s really easy I was on level 100 and it was still so easy I was like this is just too easy for me so I decided to delete it and write a review just a towel feature people I want to download this game like if you’re reading this right now you probably aren’t because it’s super long so I’m going to end a really shortly you should download the game if you like really easy games yeah I see Ende bye', 'title': 'Hate on me but...'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Rory1963', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 6, 37, 23), 'review': 'After playing for 2 seconds I was asked to rate this game.   I declined but after 17 levels in less than one minute of play time there were more than 12 minutes of ads and delays.\n   The game has potential but if you mind waiting for play time this is not the game for you.   The concept of a “Free Game” has really become twisted by online game apps and the advertising companies that convince players that the information they collect about us is being used for our benefit.     They, the data miners, collect our information so they can sell your info to others so they can tailor marketing to you with the highest probability of selling you something, whether they direct you to another site that gives them money for your time on their website or they sell you information or merchandise. \n     I’ve heard that each person’s information on Facebook is worth a little more than $12 to Facebook.   I wish I could remember where I heard that morsel of information but my memory is not as good as it was.    \n     It’s up to you to determine what your information is worth.   What is most valuable to you?   Would you rather pay money or time for something you desire?   \n     Time is one of my most valuable assets; it beats out money and possessions.    Think about it.   What is most valuable to you?', 'title': 'Has potential; too many Ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Pelean', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 7, 18, 36, 35), 'review': 'I originally saw an ad for this game through another games\'s *voluntary* in-app ads, and thought I\'d check it out. It was a huge disappointment is many ways. A big turnoff was simply the visual layout. The main screen in cluttered with ads and some vague icons, with the tangled ropes in the middle, with no explanation of anything. I wasn\'t quite sure what was part of the app or what was part of an ad at times. \n\nPlease believe all the reviews warning of too many ads! Despite the warnings,  I was shocked with how much screen space ads took up while playing the game, in addition to numerous ads between games (levels?). One small ad was placed right on the "bar" the tangled ropes were hanging from, making it difficult to avoid touching it. Not to mention, the graphics (perhaps due to whole cluttered screen) were not nearly as nice, sharp, and clean as shown in the AppStore photos. Yes, I am playing on a newer, up-to-date phone.\n\nFinally, the game lacks any instruction, tutorial and/or intro when you open the game the first time. I was already familiar with these type of tangled rope logic games, and though the objective may seem obvious, a basic tutorial should have available, in the settings or otherwise. The rope logic game itself has potential, but not this particular app unless it undergoes a major overhaul. A 1-star review overstates my opinion of this game. I do NOT recommend!', 'title': 'Ads Galore, Confusing'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Supuflourous Flounder', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 11, 12, 38, 47), 'review': 'I’m 73.  My vision is less than perfect. I have a tremor in my hand.  These make this game nearly impossible to play.  Some levels are timed.  To move what I need to move, I must move carefully.  Nearly each time I touch a rope, my hand tremor makes it come up and before I move my hand away, t have done another touch and it is back down again.  This makes it nearly impossible to do the “complete in N moves” levels, and contributes significantly to my failure to “complete in N seconds” levels.  When I hit the first “complete in N seconds” level, I gave up after about ten tries.\n\nThe intrusion of 30-second mandatory ads before each “scene”, with no way to skip them, is truly annoying.  They may think that “if we annoy them enough, they will pay our overpriced subscription rate”, but the real result is some users react with a one-star review (we can’t make it 0, and this game requires negative stars), and simply delete the app.  Which is what I have done.  These games should have ADA compliance options, such as “no timed levels” and “no counted levels”.  I am not playing it to compete, I’m playing it to challenge my mental acuity.  If the rope goes up-and-down quickly, then it is hand tremor and should be ignored.  I’d give it -2 stars, for its combination of obnoxious ads and its assumption of perfect vision and a perfect neuromuscular system.', 'title': 'Only if you are young, with perfect vision and neuromuscular System'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'lets vote🇺🇸', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 0, 23, 50), 'review': 'Ok this game looked really fun on the ad so I decided to download it. I played for an hour or so and was getting into it. I loved it but there was just so many ads. So I decided to just ignore and keep playing so I was playing but the same ad over and over kept coming back on again and again and again and by that point I had gotten tired of it, so that was the first problem. The other problem was that it was SO and I mean SO easy and I like my stuff to be easy but this was just TOO easy! I got to level like 50 in like five minutes. So I was about to delete it cause it was just a waste of time and it wasn’t to fun, but I decided to give it one more chance. So I kept playing and then I think it was just a glitch but I accidentally clicked on remove ads and then I tried to press cancel but it wouldn’t work and I tried everything but it came to having to turn my phone off and so I wanted to do an experiment so I pressed remove ads again and then it did it again so I had to turn my phone off AGAIN but I mean all the way off not just turn off the power button but swipe the button that says like turn phone off or whatever. So by that point I just decided to delete the game, so yeah I don’t think I will be downloading this again. But anyways bye!', 'title': 'Fun but...'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'El paso crone', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 22, 12, 40, 50), 'review': 'Its reasonably challenging at times - enough to be entertaining but not requiring a lot of concentration - and it is fun most of the time …BUT (1) there are no instructions to assist with understanding the process or tools or even how they become available, how to earn more, etc. (2) there is no way to eliminate the annoying ads both the ones that clutter the screen or the ones that you are forced to view to get your reward at every level nor can you mute them meaning the game cannot be played around other people (3) there is no way to purchase tools (4) there seems to be no rhyme or reason to the stars awarded for a completion - not time or moves or complexity - nothing discernable (5) once you have enough stars for one tool the location says ‘open’ and the star counter disappears so there is no way to gauge progress towards more tools (6) the extra anchor only adds to the right side and sometimes the left would be preferable (7) it could be more challenging with more ropes but that would require additional buttons/anchors and options that do not exist. (8) whatever is running in the background keeps locking up the screen at critical times costing points and tools   Frankly, it is a good idea that has been very poorly executed.', 'title': 'Could be so much better'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Yphm', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 6, 21, 46, 43), 'review': 'I see you already have a lot of comments about the ads! I completely agree with all that I read so I won’t repeat. I have found no value at all in the “coins” that it says you earn, using them to purchase extra turns would give them some actual value, increasing the coins earned for the double, more for the triple & more yet for the quadruple would give the game a bit more challenge. Increasing the number of ropes in levels would also add interest to the game. I also agree with the 10 yr old who complained about the inappropriate ads. This is a game that while it could be of interest to children, would never be allowed for my children. Bathroom cartoons-yuck! Teenage girl that has given herself away for free asking someone to fix her life after being abandoned? How about fostering things that help kids learn to balance their checkbook, or figure out how much they can spend on some desired object, to learn how they will use percentages in real life, how fractions work, basically games that, while a lot of fun, are also a learning challenge. Kids & parents would be much more likely to even purchase such a game.', 'title': 'Well!! Different options would be better'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'CaTrINA123456', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 19, 16, 4), 'review': 'When I first got this game I was addicted to it. But when I started playing it more it also started to relive stress while at the other hand it also made me have more stress. THERE IS WAY TO MANY ADS! Especially when you run out of moves and have to watch ads to get more moves. And to be honest, some levels you can’t even beat if you don’t have enough moves. So here I am watching like 13 ads just to get past one level. Other than that, the game is amazing. You get to change your rope style, your pin and much more this is definitely one of my favorite games ever. Another thing that I really like about the customization is that you can be different and it makes the game a lot more fun. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants to have a fun and challenging time. It would also be really fun if they could have head to head challenges to see who can unknot the level the fastest. Great game and I am in love!  🥳🥳🥳🤩🥳🤩🥳😍🥰', 'title': 'Good but not Great'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'sagallia', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 25, 1, 12, 26), 'review': 'Please make a replay/ restart/ redo option available at the end of each level where “next” pops up when a level has been completed. It is a pain to scroll through the long road map to redo a level to try for a better score. If I am at level 275 and choose to go back to level 93, when I complete level 93 please don’t zoom me back to level 276. I prefer to go to level 95 automatically. Please only forward me to the next level after the previously completed level regardless how many levels I have done in the game.\n\nThe game also becomes very repetitive and boring after about level 200 and up. I am currently at level 300+. No more rewards to go after other than an endless supply of coins that are essentially useless, except for getting an extra button or scissors upgrade for the round. Please get rid of the plain white bar at the bottom of the screen when playing. Why is there the “Progressive” logo when I paid to have the ads removed?', 'title': 'Game fun wears out quickly.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Alpaca7613', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 14, 21, 23, 57), 'review': 'Before downloading this app, just know that after EVERY SINGLE LEVEL THEIR US AN ADD. Some adds are weird too and some are inappropriate. I get adds for chapters, a game where you chose what to do about your cheating boyfriend and stuff... which is bad for people like me that are the age of 10. I think that some adds should be taken out. And there also shouldn’t be adds after every little level because it gets SO ANNOYING. I do like the game ,though. The adds for the game that I got said it was harder than you think when it’s actually very easy. I got all the ropes and ends of the ropes in one day. Very easy. Right now I have like 20 thousand coins and this is my second day playing. This game does pass time ,too, which I like. It’s pretty fun I do recommend it if you have the patience for a million adds.', 'title': 'Easy fun but something needs to change'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Fjordamy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 13, 1, 3, 35), 'review': 'Ok, so I was looking for a time waster. This game is that, but in all the wrong ways. At first you get two or maybe three levels before you have to watch an ad, but very soon it’s EVERY LEVEL. The game itself is overly simple, so you actually play less time than you watch ads. When you win a prize after completing so many levels, you have to watch another ad to claim it. Don’t bother! It’s only some stupid flower or cat shaped button to add to the end of the “ropes”.  You also earn coins, but they are only good for slightly changing the look of the “ropes”, and then there’s another ad... And, the ads are the REALLY ANNOYING KIND... Toon Blast and GardenScapes mostly, and you CAN NOT MUTE THE SOUND. They are really loud too, even if your device is on low volume, the ads are loud. If the game itself was more engaging, a few ads wouldn’t be a big deal, but the game is probably suitable for a four or six year old. I can understand ads every other level if it’s one of those money earning games, but for a simple kid level game it’s outrageous to have to watch an ad every level. This game is getting deleted now.', 'title': 'Honestly..... don’t bother.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'reygni', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 28, 10, 46, 28), 'review': 'I downloaded this mobile game because I needed some distraction and it certainly achieved that! I would recommend it to anyone who finds calm in solving simple, repetitive puzzles but also likes the occasional challenge and collecting in-game items. This is definitely not for people looking for an “exciting” game that changes a lot or level; they will get bored easily. I’ve collected almost all the different skins, but I still have over half of the levels to go so I can see myself even reaching a plateau in gameplay soon. The UI is a little ugly with the overly bright colors and it was a little hard at first getting used to clicking the pin that I want to put the rope on rather than dragging, but once I got the hang of it these small annoyances faded into the background. What I wanted was some brief fun and this is simple but definitely very fun.', 'title': 'Very addicting!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'LizzieThoj13', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 10, 9, 47, 42), 'review': 'It’s an alright game. I love the concept of the game & it’s pretty fun to play, the problem with it is that I finished this WHOLE ENTIRE game in ONE night. Unlocked all of the things in the game, from the different types of ropes to the different buttons & the bars that hold the ropes. After unlocking all of them, there are the challenges in that game. Beat them all & now I’m in a predicament where all of the different ropes that enter twine with each other are all the same repeated rounds from the very beginning. Granted, they do start giving you a limited amount of moves to make it more challenging, but like I said, even with all that the rounds repeat themselves & it just gets easier & easier to the point where it gets kind of boring (& this is with all of the pop-up ads, might I add.). \n\nDevelopers, if you’re reading this, please put more stuff in the game. More prizes, more challenging tangled-- uphbsh-- ropes, like five or six of them as you get higher & stuff, & heck, why not unlockable different backgrounds too? \n\nOther than that... it’s not that bad. Pretty good, but I’m only putting three stars because they could put so much more stuff. I know that making a game app can be a bit challenging with all the physics & stuff, but what’s life without a little challenge? \n\nAnyways, if you made it this far into the review, be safe out there & have a nice day/morning/afternoon/evening/night/midnight/next day.', 'title': 'It’s Alright...'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'RavenSnowWolf', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 11, 26, 59), 'review': 'First I want to say this. Don’t get get me wrong, this is a very relaxing game, HOWEVER, it’s more annoying than relaxing. I honestly hate how every game by this developer gives you an ad after just about every other level. It’s super annoying. What happened to having the free-to-play games that had ads but not as often.\n\nI understand that the way they earn money for the games is through ad revenue and in-app purchases. But for this game and the others like it by the developer, the amount of ads it has per five minutes, counting the time the ad takes to finish(at least for me it’s like five to ten ads in five minutes) it’s unnecessary. The games aren’t that good, it’s just one continuous motion every single time. Yes, a lot of games are like that but they have a story to them, they have actual goals. This game and the others like it, they don’t have that.\n\nWhat I’m trying to say is, if it had less ads and the ads were spaced out much farther from each other, and the games were actually good, maybe I’d be willing to play them again.', 'title': 'More annoying than relaxing'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Kjhgfdaaaaa', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 31, 3, 34, 35), 'review': 'The basis of the game is good. The concept is good, the puzzle is intriguing and unique, but there’s so many things about this app that make it not worth the hassle. First is the crazy amount of ads. There’s an ad after every other level, and the levels are relatively easy and can be solved in under a minute, so that’s a video ad less than every two minutes. More annoying is the game can’t keep up with its own physics engine so it lags. The ropes used are nice and bouncy and resemble real life, but it has major lag and jolts a lot. This is frustrating particularly for timed tasks. Also, there’s not a lot of ways to customize even though there is a shop. There’s also not a ton of levels either, less than 100, and with the levels being so short it’s not an app that will last you a long time, if you can suffer through the ads (I just put my phone on airplane mode so the ads wouldn’t come up)\nNot worth the space on my phone', 'title': 'Not worth it'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Don The Mon', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 1, 21, 24, 54), 'review': 'The ads take three times as long to watch as it does to play a single level of the game. About every two levels, sometimes every level, you have to watch another ad. In my experience all of the ads carried a second advertisement behind them, in other words it would show you an ad for solitaire, you would click close, and then it would show you an ad for the same game, which you then had to close. You genuinely spend a fraction of your time actually playing the game, and after 20 levels I couldn’t take it anymore and simply uninstalled it. I didn’t have a chance to find out whether or not it was fun, because all of the advertisements made it so painful. Since I did not have a chance to find out if it was fun or not, I don’t see why I should bother paying for it. Perhaps this company should reconsider their strategy on free demos. All they have demonstrated is that they are capable of writing an extremely good advertising platform.', 'title': 'A blatant ad platform, you rarely play the game!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Ellyni', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 7, 14, 35, 20), 'review': 'For all these sort of crappy gimmicky games that you downloaded because you saw an ad, expect a load of ads in game. Luckily there are management options. These may not be helpful to some, but work well for me. I’m on an iPad.\n\n1. So long as you are not waiting for a phone call, swipe down to bring up the widget screen and turn airplane mode on. Viola! No more ads. \n\n2. For those moments when you must watch an ad to claim that ‘free’ prize that you worked hard for, I recommend turning airplane mode back off and waiting a second or two before clicking the claim button. Sometimes I forget to do that and it will glitch out and I lose the prize. But let’s be real, those prizes usually have little gameplay value anyway. \n\n3. If you can’t turn airplane mode on because you need service on your device; There are these little arrows in the corner of the ad that pop up after about five seconds. Tap that and your ‘x’ will appear allowing you to skip the ad MUCH more quickly. Mandatory ads where you are claiming a prize will not have the arrows. You gotta watch the whole thing which is fair IMO.\n\nThat’s it. As for this game, it’s fine. Good for those late nights when you are struggling to sleep and need something mindless.', 'title': 'Let’s talk ad management.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Pantoran', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 26, 21, 22, 30), 'review': 'It is fun and pretty relaxing. There are the occasional ads, but it’s it’s a lot better compared to what I’ve seen. You can skip some ads, unlike other apps I’ve had in the past where you have to see 2-3 30 second ads at once. It can get really annoying.\n\nIn terms of the game, I got to level 204 in only a matter of days because that’s how much fun I was having but at some point it feels like you’re playing the same levels over and over again—and I think I am because there aren’t many variations. They should probably add extra ropes to make levels more challenging and different the further you progress. You can unlock different designs and stuff and you get some really cool rewards in the form of gold coins, but other than that the lack of challenges is what makes me want to uninstall the app because I feel like theres nothing else to do.', 'title': 'Fun but repetitive.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Quantumator', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 5, 18, 59, 57), 'review': 'I try to rate a game by the actual gameplay. Considering ONLY THAT, this game can be a therapeutic way to spend short periods of free time. Puzzles like this can actually really help with stress and/or anxiety, as they require the focus of the other side of the brain.\n\nThe overall app has the unappealing trend of exposing the player to more ad time than game time. The ad interruptions severely break the immersion and reduce a lot of the therapeutic benefit mentioned above. But, as the developer makes no claim it is intended for such purpose, I can’t fault it for that.\n\nAs I saw in another review: turn your cellular data off for the game to stop the ads. Then you can better judge the game for itself and decide if you want to support the developer by actually paying to remove the ads.', 'title': 'Great for what it is'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': '👎👎😒😒', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 10, 8), 'review': 'To start, this game is really relaxing and has nice graphics.  It really is one of my favorite games to play.  However, there are so many ads that I had to turn off the app’s permission to use my data and WiFi so that I could actually enjoy it.  Another con that I didn’t realize until about 75 levels in is that you get the same amount of coins for every level.  Example - you untangle all four and it says “Quadruple!”  You would think you would get 4x the coins, but no.  You get the same amount either way.  Honestly I stop playing the game when I think about that just because it’s a slight means of subtle manipulation. \n\nI suggest cutting out a LOT of ads so that you actually generate the money from the ones that get watched instead of people cutting them off completely.  If I hadn’t been able to turn my WiFi and data permissions off, I would have deleted this game after the fifth level just because nobody wants 30 seconds of ads for every 30 seconds of game play.\n\n I also suggest making each level worth a certain amount and if it says “double!”, “triple!”, or “quadruple!”, actually make those points multiply.  It’s a small thing that would mean a lot to your players.\n\nYou fix these things, and you’ll earn yourself a lot of five star reviews. 😊', 'title': 'Relaxing game, frustrating rewards and ads'}], [{'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 30, 21, 14, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JstPlnOnry', 'title': 'Great Game!', 'review': 'I really enjoy playing Bingo Clash! You could say I’m addicted to it! LOL! You don’t have to deposit money, you can just play with tickets & the developers are very generous with tickets for winning games & accomplishing daily tasks & progress. There are times you’ll go 10-15 calls before you get a number called & it can be frustrating but it’s a free game if you’re just playing for tickets! They offer 3 different power ups to help! Love the x2 power up! Especially when you have a Full House (all numbers on your card marked)! Suggestion to developers…. You offer great incentives, tournaments, etc! There’s a a lot of times when you hit a Full House that’s there’s extra time left on the clock. It would be AWESOME if you would consider extra points for each second left! 25, 30, 50, 75, 100 extra points…. Or whatever you think is appropriate! Please & thank you very much fin advance or your consideration on this suggestion! Get Bingo Clash!  You’ll love it if Bingo is your game to play! ♥️'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 6, 45, 59), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lyrmd', 'title': 'Scammers and Unresponsive Support', 'review': 'I have won $300 since downloading this app last month which was great, but lately I have noticed several things that feel like scams. BEWARE!!! It’s great initially to make a quick buck on 1-2 rounds of deposits but do not make a habit. Recently I have noticed that I’m losing games to people who are getting IMPOSSIBLE scores and are most likely getting power-ups/2x that I’m not receiving. I’ve gotten a full house and been fast through the entire game and then submit my score to find that my opponent beat me by over 20k points.... how? If we supposedly get the same cards, power-ups, etc. and I clear my bored with near-perfect timing, how were there an extra 20k points available to them. Something doesn’t add up there. Additionally, I recently won $100 and put in a withdrawal application. It has processed and says the money was sent but the card number they have listed is not mine and upon looking at my info, I didn’t make a typo. Every withdrawal so far has gone to my debit card with no issues until this one and conveniently, support has been ignoring me for 3 days. If you’re going to play this, you need to make sure you screenshot EVERYTHING that has to do with your money. I’ll be on the lookout for a class action lawsuit to join against these thieves. I’ll update this if I hear from support but I’m not holding my breath. They start stealing from you when you get too good at their games.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 12, 23, 17, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'meehmeeh', 'title': 'Rip off', 'review': 'Made my first deposit and actually won up to a decent amount in the beginning. Then when I tried to withdrawal, it wouldn’t let me. I had all the correct information put in but it wouldn’t let me make a withdrawal. Emailed support and they were supposed to look into it. So I ended up just playing some more and from there on just lost about almost every game. Even though I would score high, I would still lose. Lol Don’t waste your money. Would give it no stars if I could. Guaranteed that you will lose. There’s no way to win and withdrawal. Also be aware. They might let you win a few games in the beginning but soon after you will start losing more than winning. Your numbers don’t ever get called either. And when I actually won back some money to be able to at least cash out what I deposited, it stated that it was mostly bonus cash and amount I was able to withdrawal was only like a dollar. Lol ridiculous. Either way, they will make you keep playing until you have no money left at all.\n\nI admit game is fun but can’t seem to ever win when it comes to playing with real money.  Opponents score always seems to be higher than yours even though you do good and couldn’t possibly do any better.\n\nUpdate: Just looked at the video for one of my cash games and the numbers that are given to me and my opponent are not the same. They got more numbers which resulted in them winning off course. Have photos for proof.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 25, 13, 1, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Swhistles', 'title': 'Poor customer support', 'review': 'I’ve played this game for about 6 months. I don’t believe anything is rigged or unfair about how the game operates. Like other reviews have stated, the difference in score comes from how fast you play and the choices you make with your bonuses/perks. Of course you can’t just withdraw the bonus cash, what kind of business model would it be to give away money that easily? But you can use bonus cash to win real money. There are real problems with the game freezing while finding an opponent, which has happened to me about 10 times overall. The only way to unfreeze it is to reset the app which then counts as a loss. The first couple times I was able to get a refund for the buy-in, but their service has deteriorated dramatically. My whole issue with this company is their support. When I first started, they would usually get back to me within a week if I had an issue. Now, I typically go a month without a response, or the ticket will just get closed without getting a response. They added a verification process requiring ID, but the software is poor and rejects any attempt to verify my identity. I’m stuck in limbo where I can’t verify my identity, and I can’t deposit or withdraw money until I do so. And I can’t get anyone from their support team to respond. So I recommend not even wasting your time with this app if you’re looking to start now.'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 21, 8, 26, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'janny931104', 'title': 'Please fix bug!', 'review': 'Okay so this app is actually legit and you can really win money. I love that it is actually easier than many other money-winning games. I downloaded the app tonight, played a few practice round, then added $5 when I felt confident enough, and have won $20 so far. So yes, the money is there!, however there is one major issue I am seeing, and it’s starting to make me very upset. It looks like theres some type of bug with the app because i have won multiple $1 games but never received the $1. The last game I just played, is the one that requires a $5 entry fee, and has 5 rounds, each round you move up obviously gets you paid more, with the potential to win $35, If you get first place.I won the first round, which should have won me $2, and let me move on to the next round, but the minute The game ended, it gave me an error message (something about gateway???), and then threw me out to the lobby. Not only did it throw me out and didn’t let me move on to the next level like It should have, but AGAIN, it didn’t credit me the $2 i won for winning that first round, nor did it refund me the $5 dollar entry fee...in other words, I just wasted $5. Please fix this because it’s really starting to look like this game steals your money.'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 9, 20, 58, 31), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Norelle L.', 'title': 'This game requires skill', 'review': 'You honestly don’t *have* to deposit anything, because I ended up winning $100 off my last daily bonus of just 60 cents (which is the minimum for betting real cash). You have to know how to use your power ups, be able to daub fast, and be able to be disciplined enough to assess risk/reward when betting what you have. I was able to earn $100 in 6 hours.. What also helps is a minimum deposit ($5-$10) to get to L1 because the perks you get from that can help you level up easier and just off that and skill, you can easily level up and get more off your play.\n\nThe *ONLY* thing now is waiting for the deposit. It’s been 3 business days and I was told $25 of the $60 I wanted to withdraw was sent, but I was told it may take an additional 10 days, possibly more, to actually show in my account depending on their payment platform Xsolla. It takes an additional 5 days to process and send the rest. I am still awaiting the funds, so if I’m able to get them in a reasonable amount of time I would hands down give this app 5 stars for fun and fairness.'}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18031334, 'body': "Hello there, thanks a lot for your review. It's really appreciated and we're thankful for the tips you are sharing with our other players. ;-) ", 'modified': '2020-09-22T18:19:01Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 18, 6, 43, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'espang2013', 'title': 'Okay so truth', 'review': 'Editing this to say I’ve gotten over $100 on this game and it all went into my account today. This isn’t a scam you just gotta learn how to play 😊 \n\nI downloaded this app a few days ago and put $50 into it and lost every dime I put in, BUT I thought it was normal bingo, there are tips and tricks to this game and I’ve figured them out mostly and I won back the $50 on one game. There will be people better and faster than you. So bad reviews for losing is unfair. Also you can watch the 2 player games after you’ve played and you’ll see that you get the same card and they call out the same number. It’s about who’s the fastest and most skilled at this game. So if you lose you should probably practice with tickets and get the hang of it before you play with cash like I did. All in all it’s a really fun and great game. I will write another 5 star review once my $50 gets deposited into my account, they say it takes 7 business days so I’m waiting for the money to hit either my PayPal or account and then I’ll write another review. \nTips to play: \n-hit the number fast you get more points\n-if you get a x2 bonus SAVE IT.\n-don’t press bingo until the very end of the game.\nIf you have a x2 wait until the last 10 second and press that and then press bingo so it will double all of your points. \n\nAnother tip- don’t leave a bad review just because you’re too stupid to figure it out. 😉 \nAll around pretty fun game.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 23, 7, 0, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '_imamfunicorn_', 'title': 'TOTAL RIP OFF', 'review': 'I use to just play ticket games but recently I play cash game with the bonus money I use for referrals I’ve gotten. I played a game and won 60 looked at the withdrawal and it said 38... I was confused being the whole day I won 40 bucks so when I won the 38 I thought I would have alot more to cash out. I was confused on why it didn’t add up until I noticed they never touched the bonus money they used my cash to play the games. WHAT A BUMMER! So I sucked it up and said I’ll jus play a few more games then it’s okay. Then all of a sudden I lost 5 games back to back after a ten game winning streak and I was losing by IMPOSSIBLE scores!!! I would finish game with 39,000 and my Opponent would have 60,000 like HOW?!? Doesn’t even make sense. I’ve rewatched one game and we both used a  x2 to boost points and my score went from 3k to 8k and his jumped from 3k to 13k I was so confused on how that’s even possible this game absolutely cheats no if’s ands or buts. You’ll start losing by 10 points or even impossible numbers like a 5000 point difference. I believe you play against bots sometimes and not real people. I’ve decided to just delete the game, I’ve referred over 30 people to this game I’ll make sure they delete it too!'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 8, 4, 46, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Accident_Prone99', 'title': 'Sure you win real cash', 'review': 'Sure you win real cash but here is how the system works. You get on a winning streak, they allow you to win a few games but the numbers are fixed. They know who will win in the bingo game. You will win them lose and it’ll go back and forth till the money is gone. People say bingo is a game of skill….which it is but this one is fixed. It’s a waist of money. No different than gambling. It’s not about you getting money. It’s about the app creators getting money. Funny thing is, when you go to withdraw your money, it won’t allow you too….claiming that you’re entering wrong account and Routing numbers lol. I know my own numbers. This review is written by an actual player. You’re gambling and the truth is, that you have a very slim chance of winning. You might win $10 when they allow you to, which causes you to bet a little more, then all of a sudden you start to hardly get any of the numbers on your board…..you see…..the more you bet, the more they make. Win some lose a lot. Thankfully I’m smart enough not to actually give them my money. The only money I use for games is bonus cash. Now I figured out the system, the board numbers are fixed….nice try 😉😏.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 29, 10, 42, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Keydon Robillardjr', 'title': 'P7G Bingo Clash Is Great!', 'review': "I've been playing a lot of Bingo Clash lately. For those that don't know, it's a free to play, for cash, multiplayer bingo game. You play bingo against other people online, their matchmaking system is automated and matches you against people that are judged to be at the same skill level as you, and you put money up for stake and the winner takes all! It's really cool, a ton of fun. I also found this app at a really great time. With all the time I spend inside because of Covid19 I find that I have a ton of time on my hands, and this app helps me to deal with the boredom while making some sweet sweet side cash at the same time. BTW, I have tried some other apps that give you money for paying, and they are just not up to the same quality as the p7g apps, try them if you want, but I think you will keep coming back to this once you've tried it. I so highly recommend it."}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 18, 26, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'The4thStooge', 'title': 'Integrity issues', 'review': 'I started playing the game for free just to figure how to play.   After depositing money, I’ve noticed I play a lot against same users based on level cash wise the .60;$3;$5 heads up which is fine.  The integrity issue for me is when you play tournament and it’s  “times out” on you while searching for another player.  \n\nThe q&a format they have explains that “if a tournament times out when searching for an equal level the game will be saved for 24 hours, then refunded original buy in”.  Now, the frustrating part to me is there’s a 24 hour timer counting down. If you choose to go back in to try to complete the tournament, that timer resets.  So it’s not a true 24 hour period.   You have to choose to play it or wait 24 hours to get your refund for the entry fee.   This doesn’t make sense to me since they tournament is a 6 or 5 round tournament with 128 or 64 players.  All players paid same regardless of level the player is at.   They either play with real people or simulated bots.   They state that you can watch a player to preserve fairness of the game.   It’s just sketchy that a tournament can be halted for that reason.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 25, 14, 9, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Adreona Astiecq', 'title': 'make money playing bingo!', 'review': "Video games are awesome! And now they are an awesome way to make some money on the side. A side hustle if you will. Bingo Clash is one of the best games to make some side cash with. It's just like the classic bingo but with a casino twist! You play against other people online in a cash stakes game and the winner gets the money. It's fun and fast paced, a game only takes a few minutes, which makes it perfect for playing during coffee breakts, or for just doing something while you sit on a zoom class or something like that. The company that makes it is also really cool. They always have events going on, like doing charities for animals or other good causes, so often times you can also help to make the world a better place, while also making some money for yourself, and having a good time to boot. There's no downside! Bingo Clash is just a perfect app!"}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 3, 57, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AmorLucy30', 'title': 'The best bingo', 'review': 'Like I said this is the best bingo I found along with pocket 7 but there is one big down side of this game if you don’t know yet just heads up, I made a $100 deposit the other day and ended up winning little over $300 I went ahead made a withdrawal and per their policy rule your withdrawal money will go back to the original way you made your deposit that being said I used one of my credit car to make the $100 deposit and today I get a message of my withdrawal details so they split the $300 in one thousand pieces possible, $10 in one card another $10 in another card $160 on another card and so on etc. Now detail of this story is I have deleted all my cards of this game except for one the same one I made the deposit with and yet they sent some of this ridiculous split of my withdrawal to a card that don’t even exist anymore and this is not the first time this happens, they can’t even follow their own policy rules 🤦🏻\u200d♀️.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 26, 16, 23, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cricelias closet', 'title': 'My experience', 'review': 'At first as a beginner I was winning all the games with my tickets and as soon as I started using money I was loosing. I can see the pattern on the app as it shows all the wins and looses. When ever I play with tickets I win then with the cash I loose. So screw this game I won’t be adding any more money. Many reviews on here look generated by the app itself. The app doesn’t tell you how to play or the best way to play to score highest. Reading the reviews I seen some tips. Regardless there’s room for growth on this app and I definitely didn’t down load it to to waste cash but to win so no I’m not buying tickets or none of that stupid ish. I prefer a normal old fashioned Bingo keep it legit. I also prefer to see numbers drawn live so perhaps we I should speak to some app creators about a new bingo.\n\nI noticed that not all fast or slow presses are mentioned  some are skipped. I have my eyes on the players at first it says some one different from who it shows up to be at then end. Also their wins and losses. A bunch of winds and Barley any losses they are obviously not a beginner and most likely generated players.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 22, 19, 51, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TLB8125', 'title': 'It was great to start with, then', 'review': 'The game was great to start with i won a few dollars, then after winning 18 straight games I started loosing all my games in a day except for 6 & under. I literally just played a game & thought I had won with 32,846 points, but when I looked at the score card immediately afterwards, it said I lost & my points were 23,846 & the other person won with 31 thousand something. The game is like most money games, lets you win a few to get you hooked then drops you hook line & sinker to drown with no winnings & sometimes cheats by giving you a free choice on your bingo card & then calling out the exact number you chose. That would be fine if it happened just a handful of times, but it didn’t. It happened at least once a game after my first day of racking up $9 & 15,000 tickets on top of the things they give you for your spin coins & scratchers. I really liked this game at first. I LOVE bingo & thought people were just getting mad that they didn’t win every time, but the bad reviews were absolutely correct. Hope you don’t deposit any money if you play!'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 26, 10, 41, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kulsoom Juniperth', 'title': 'Another great casino app by Pocket7Games', 'review': "Bingo clash is what the name implies: BINGO! It is a mobile version where your score is compared to another real player and the winner is whoever has the higher score. You play for money or for tickets, an in game free currency if you aren't feeling to bold about putting money up for stake. There are daily bonuses, daily rewards for completing certain tasks or challenges. There is a lot of interactivity with the community and company on their social media pages and you can win all sorts of bonuses by being active. A 5 star player support staff, I emailed them with some questions when I first started playing, and they were so professional and quick with their reponses. I love the app. 5 stars as far as I am concerned. Its a free game, its real money, you basically get payed to play, there is no downside!"}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 13, 0, 12, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mikayla_Spain97', 'title': 'It’s a fun bingo game, but DON’T expect to win anything!', 'review': 'I see all these people saying that they have been playing for this game for a couple months and have won money. I downloaded this app over a year ago and I have NEVER won more then $5. It’s not like I don’t know how to play either because I bust out the high scores, but magically their is always someone getting unreasonably high scores! The ONLY time I experience this is conveniently when I play any money game for more than $1. I have no option as well to see the recorded video of the game play. I will be removing my card and only using this for bingo. I fully expect I’ll never win on this app. Even the little side activities give me the lowest opinion on the board, so either I’m the most unluck person on the planet or this is just a way to get money. I’d go with the second thing. That being said the gameplay (when it’s not all messed up.) is fun that is it. I wouldn’t expect to win any money on anything in this game though. I would ONLY download for a fun bingo game not the money portion.'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 6, 18, 16, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'tateshiono', 'title': 'Honest Review!', 'review': 'Hey there! Make sure to read this review in its entirety! I’ve been playing Bingo Clash for two weeks as a trial run and if you are looking to get real money, don’t bother! The concept of playing bingo for cash seems nice considering that it 1. requires strategy by using powerups wisely and 2. luck by getting matching numbers. My best advice is to save up on tickets so you can spend in games for cash rewards tournaments that reward $1 and $1.5 but are multiple rounds). \n\nUnfortunately, the reality is you have to deposit money for bonus cash, which is needed to compete in cash games (seems dumb to spend money on a game that should give you money right? 😂)\n\nI have not spent a single penny on Bingo Clash and have earned $12.4 off winning the cash tournaments I mentioned and mini games such as Scratchers and Spin Coin. I played one cash game and lost, but it makes no sense to try again and keep losing. Of course, because all of my money is “bonus cash” and not real money, I can not withdraw it. If you are like me and saw an ad about this game showing the loads of money you can win, obviously they don’t show you what you have to do to get there. \n\nIf you are still reading, congrats! Glad you took the time to do so. Simply put, don’t waste your time on a game that requires more from you rather than the other way around. Get a job, put yourself out there for once, because the hours you spend playing this game could be put to better use! Cheers 👍'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 9, 1, 6, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chineesta', 'title': 'Negative 10 stars', 'review': 'This game totally cheats. When you win 5K it gives you 1K (“tickets” not $) when you win $it doesn’t credit you. \nThere is a time allowance for games and there is always a fake player way exceeding max time allowed for game so that you leave the game expecting to receive just rewards after all players scores are reconciled ….. even if not possible to be removed from your place in game regardless of theory score you would have at least 2nd….you never receive your prize. And if you just sit and wait instead of starting a new game, you’ll wait hours (I set phone down and did my work and came back hours later still “waiting” for the fake player to finish game that had max 3 minute allowance to finish) this never reconciles and only option is to back out of that game and receive 0 credit \nI have not lost a ton of real money, only lost unjustly a few dollars and gobs of points (also the spin rewards & lottery tix never credit rewards) I just am saying before anyone else loses much that this game is a prank'}, {'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18031240, 'body': 'Hello there, thanks for your review. We appreciate you taking the time to send us many details. We understand what you are saying regarding depositing money into the game. Though, you can also win cash through various in-game free events which will allow you to play cash games and make more money. For the Bingo Clash scoresheet, you can indeed find some tips there but you are indeed right that daubing numbers fast is a good way to get higher scores. ', 'modified': '2020-09-22T18:13:10Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 19, 14, 50, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Wast of data', 'title': 'Its okay to pass time but dont expect to win anything', 'review': 'So this is fun bingo game that heavily advertises winning lots of money but thats not really what it is. You have to deposit your own money to be able to play the money games and once youre out you have to deposit more money to keep playing those rounds. There are ticket games to prevent having to spend your own money so thats the beat option if you dont wanna put real money into an app. Also wether you win these games or not is completely luck based, sometimes you will get lots of your numbers called and sometimes you wont get almost any. The developers constantly say, “There is a score sheet so you can improve your playing style” but you cant “get better” at playing bingo. Its basically up to how fast you press the matching number to get the most points. Overall its an okay bingo game but seriously do not put lots of money into this game you will not get much back in return.'}], [{'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 0, 5, 29), 'review': 'This app could use a few changes. My Dad has this app on his Tablet and I was playing on his tablet and he’s like give it back. I said no and I’m like let me play for a few minutes. He said that I should get it on my own tablet so he downloaded it on my tablet. The app is really cool, but honestly here’s the thing. The app told us that the game was really tricky. I tried it and the levels were extremely easy. My Dad is on level, like approximately 400. I played on his tablet and it seems like when I play, the levels are even easier. I love how there’s like 90 percent game and 10 percent ads. On other games it gets us how it is completely the other way around. If you developers out there are reading this review, please just change this game by making the levels harder. Thank you for reading! 😊', 'userName': 'Trl1024', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Over all, it’s pretty good.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 12, 16, 8, 32), 'review': 'I liked this game for the first 1000 levels - it was neat to see how creative they designed the different levels, but after awhile, they begin to repeat.  None is too hard, and that is nice for mindless playing, and admittedly there is something satisfying about watching these pieces drop into the beaker glass.\nAt first I liked building the city and seeing what comes next. But when the (costliest end) buildings begin to cost 232,000 then 500,000, then 1,000,000 tokens to build a house and the rent earned only increases 100 tokens, it will take a month of playing just to earn enough to build another lineup of buildings (I have 12 buildings, and it currently is 2mil tokens to upgrade all, next it will be close to 4mil).  \nIt is no longer fun, but a chore.  I’ll go to the cheapest end,  max out the 20 building types, and call it good and delete the app.  \nI’ve become numb to the ads, but it just means I’ve been game-psychologically conditioned because when they don’t show (claims of No Internet - never true), I get upset because I can’t get bonus points or the rents. That is the sign that it’s time to dump this.', 'userName': 'Eebs99', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I’m throwing in the towel', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 19, 55, 51), 'review': 'The game is fun, but the levels don’t get any harder and the rewards are superficial at best, only customizing the look of the pins. There’s an entire city building function you can spend coins on or whatever, but there are already so many city building games that it feels repetitive and unnecessary to have it in a game about pulling pins and funneling balls into cups. The city building section feels like it was randomly thrown in so there was some reason to keep the players playing (and to make us keep watching ads for more coins to spend on it) but I feel like that could have been achieved simply by having a level map and making the puzzles a little trickier with each level. And players could watch ads to get access to bonuses that make difficult levels easier, though difficult puzzles should still be conquerable without those bonuses. As it is, I was having fun in the beginning but now I’m getting bored of watching the same ads over and over again just to do the same puzzles over and over again.', 'userName': 'vasiliysa', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Eh', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 29, 1, 9, 51), 'review': 'The game is fun, but it’s not challenging enough.  The bonus games are challenging, sometimes too much - where you have to figure out how to complete them in the number of moves given - but the other games are not.  It becomes very repetitive.  Maybe something where you earn more for the fewer moves you use (which doesn’t seem to happen now, but I’m not entirely sure)...\n\nI also just played a level (330) where it claimed I failed it, but there was no reason why the order I chose wouldn’t work.  That’s very frustrating.\n\nThe ads are heinous too, and they keep freezing the game.  At first I was able to avoid them by clicking the top left, they’d open in the App Store, and I’d just go back and I’d be out of them.  Then that stopped working.  Also, sometimes they give you the option to earn more points if you watch an ad, but then even if you say no it will still send you a 30 second ad!  That’s really bad, like a slap in the face.', 'userName': 'Solarbear16', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not challenging enough', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 11, 7, 33, 23), 'review': 'If you have epilepsy or something that makes you sensitive to flashing lights, it’s better to stay completely on the safe side and not play this.\nThere’s a few recurring ads at the bottom of the screen that flash “notifications” at you very quickly, which was enough to give me a severe headache, so I feel like that would be especially terrible for someone who actually is sensitive to lights like that. I had to keep the bottom of my screen covered the whole time I was playing, since there’s no way to change the ad for something that’s less grating on your eyes. If you tap on them, they don’t actually link you anywhere, so I really don’t get the point.\nThere’s ads between about every level, and at most these levels take ten seconds, so it feels like a constant barrage of the same advertisements. The levels don’t challenge your brain even remotely, and the difficulty of them doesn’t change. I made it to about 70 before I finally gave up on this game. This game isn’t worth your time.', 'userName': 'earthstars', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Ads make the game unplayable', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 5, 0, 59, 53), 'review': 'So yes, I was playing my daily “match it 3D😎” and I lost. I screamed my head off the moment I lost, (Too much information..??? nahh) and I HAD to get more time. So yes, I pressed “get more time👁 👄 👁” once I pressed that, a frickin’ add popped up. (Why am I so mad, it happens for everyone 😩🦶) AND OFC, THE APP “pull the pin🔫👼🏼” POPPED UP. I thought it was pretty interesting so... I DOWNLOADED IT😎 Right as I got on it, I started playing. So about 4-5 rounds later, a add popped up. And after that add, another popped up, and another, and another, and another.. Exc. I got so frustrated I deleted the app. There, here have some food. 🍏🍎🍐🍋🍉🍌🍊🍇🍓🍒🍈🫐🥭🍑🍍🥝🥥🥨🧀🧈🍳🧇🥓🍖🍗🌭🍔🍟🍕🫓🥪🌮🧆🥙🫔🌯🥘🫕🍲🍜🍝🍛🍣🍱🍤🥟🍙🍘🥮🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🍥🍢🍡🍧🥧🍦🍨🧁🍰🎂🍬🍭🍮🍫🍿🍩🥜🌰🍪🍫🍿🍩🥜🌰🍿🍬🍭🍰🎂🥧🍦🍨🧁🍮🍢🍧🍧🍡🥮🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🍰🍦🍮🍿🍬🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍵🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋🧋', 'userName': 'princessmaxie4', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'It’s all fun and games until...🔫', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 6, 4, 50), 'review': 'I actually really enjoy playing this game. It’s not like the ads that lie to you about pulling pin puzzles, those kind of games would actually seem fun to me and I finally found one. I only have a few complaints, and they’re things that I found as soon as I started playing. 1. What’s with all the ads?? Seriously, after about two-three levels, there’s a 30 second unskippable ad, or if you fail a level, you have to watch a 30 second unskippable ad. This is absolutely ridiculous and it’s not a good way to support the outlook of your game. 2. Watching 30 second unskippable ads just for a skin that I earned? It takes you about 6 levels to get the first skin in the game (which is the broom) which means about 2-3 30 second ads, then I have to watch another 30 second ad. This is so stupid, it makes me want to break my phone in half or just delete the game', 'userName': 'gaming junkie77777777', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun game but...', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 0, 47, 28), 'review': 'As others have pointed, this game is very easy and doesn’t really seem to get harder. I’m currently on level 214 and it’s been a breeze so far. Even so, it’s a nice game to fire up if you’re just relaxing and want something chill and easy to play. My main issue with it is that there are times where, as the balls are all tumbling into the container, a ball or 2 will not make it for some reason and will fall into the void, which causes the game to think you did something wrong and fails the level. This should not be the case, as I have no control over how the balls tumble. A word to the wise for the devs: you should not program your game to blame the player for something out of their control. This is the reason why I cannot give it 5 stars. Other than that, I have no issues.', 'userName': 'J_fawkes_', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'A fairly relaxing game to play', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 22, 14, 39), 'review': 'Ok, so first things first. This game is great. I love it. I do however have one major issue with this game and that is that the ads won’t load and you are left sitting thinking that maybe it will load and you will get your reward. Nope. It’s completely close the game down and restart it. Now, admittedly you have the option to watch the video again after completing the same level. Then, IF it loads you can get your rewards. I hope this is a “bug” that will soon be fixed. Also, add some new graphics or new skins or new wallpaper, something to add a splash like the ads for all these new games that “advertise” the pull pin style gameplay yet you know aren’t. Let’s fix the few bugs and add some cool features and this game will absolutely be unbeatable.', 'userName': 'Elmasc', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love this game, however.....', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 9, 5, 29, 1), 'review': 'As many have said, it doesn’t get harder as you move through the game. I’m in the 200s and still pretty easy. I paid for ads to be removed, which makes it much more enjoyable. One frustrating thing - the FAIL message comes so quickly, it’s impossible to figure out what I’ve done wrong!  The message takes over as it’s failing, not after it’s failed.\n\nI’m adding this now that I’m in the high 300s - this is soooo boring. I’ve only had one (yes, one) real challenge in the entire game. PLEASE add some challenging levels. And where are the ones you showed in your ads?  They looked pretty good. I don’t want to play a mindless, boring game. I’ve been going through the levels with the hope that a challenge would come along.', 'userName': 'martipoo', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Pretty good game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 2, 17, 10), 'review': 'Well let’s see here………… \n\nIt was about 3:45pm when I found this game in the App Store. I thought to myself, “wow, this looks really fun!!” I decided to get the game. I sat and played it until 4:00 and I absolutely LOVED it and thought it was super fun!💖💗💕 Then, I got off of my IPad and did some things until I got back onto my iPad at 7:45pm. Since I loved pull the pin SO much❤️, I got back onto it to play it. I stared at the game, not very interested in it anymore. It is just—— this game gets very boring. I think they need to create a game that gets more challenging and is not so BORING AND EASY. Doing the same thing over and over is so boring sometimes. Also, there IS WAY TOO MANY OF THESE GAMES WITH  SO MANY ADDS. PLEASE QUIT THE ADDS!! I HATE IT, I HATE IT, I HATE IT!! Guys, this is just my opinion. You guys might love it!!💖💖💖 It is super fun in the beginning and this might be an awesome game for you!! Thanks for reading my opinion!💝', 'userName': 'Kitty lover 🐱❤️', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Gets REALLY boring👎🏻', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 12, 11, 31, 7), 'review': "Game play is very simple. Takes less than 10 seconds per level. \nI've noticed that some levels play differently depending on which theme you have selected. Some cups hold less than others so if not all objects fit into the cup, change the theme and you will hit 100% and win. \nProblem: Random balls fall out of cup: sometimes a ball will fly out of the cup even if you have played perfectly. Play again the same exact same way and win without a problem. \nUpdate request: \n1. Please add more building options in the town. I have reached capacity and have almost $2,000,000 coins and nothing more to buy. \n2. Inconsistent play: sometimes balls fall out of the cup and cause level to fail... This is expected, but then sometimes the balls fall out of the cup and the level completes successfully. \n3. Sometimes balls fall out of structure from unexpected places. Seemingly closed corners leak balls to cause level to fail. \n4. It would be kind of fun of the tilt of the device helps get balls to where they need to be. \nThank you!", 'userName': 'younkm1', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'This game is very addictive!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 24, 16, 58, 49), 'review': 'I was hoping the levels would get tougher as you go but they really don’t. I’m on level 100 something and haven’t had to redo a level or use a life or whatever.  \n\nIt’s not so much a challenging or brain teaser game as it should be, more of a relaxing thing to do for fun. Which isn’t a bad thing, but when you combine that with the fact there’s an ad every couple levels, it makes it seem like they made it easy on purpose so you beat more levels and ergo have to watch more ads. \n\nSometimes I watch one cause I beat a level then I have to watch another when the I click to start the next level. If they made it more challenging and didn’t force me to watch 30 second ads every few mins, it would def be a 5/5 game.', 'userName': 'snoogans122', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not bad but more of a ‘relaxing’ activity than a game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 7, 13, 5, 26), 'review': 'Every 20 seconds there is an ad (it only takes 10-20 seconds to complete a level). I understand the need to generate revenue, but can you please stop spamming me with ads? Always “watch an ad to get more coins,” “watch an ad to get this cool new thing that you have no idea why it would be needed,” “watch an ad to progress to the next level,” “watch an ad to build this building.” Ads! Ads everywhere! And honestly, what’s the point of spamming with ads if the difficulty never changes? A 4 year old could make the same progress I’ve made, in the same amount of time! You want to appeal to the adults that were tired of being scammed by other apps, but you do that by giving us a game for preschoolers. That’s kinda scammy too, when you think about it. Make a game that’s dirt easy, just so you can fill it with spammy ads 🤔', 'userName': 'IamButtholio', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'It’s okay, but....', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 1, 56, 28), 'review': 'I played through 300 levels of this game, and when they started super easy, I thought nothing of it, because all puzzle games start off that way, but after 300 levels, it was still just as easy.  There is rarely any thought involved, and earning more money or not earning more money nets you the same thirty second ads whether you chose to watch the add or not.  With no real challenge after that many levels, the game just isn’t worth playing, anymore.  The ads are ultra excessive, and if the game got harder than it started, I might have considered paying to remove them, but sadly that doesn’t happen.  It’s not worth going add free, and can only give you a small amount of interest for a short time before you will grow completely bored of it as well.', 'userName': 'Shadowphoenix84', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Ultra repetitive and no real challenge.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 6, 1, 22, 50), 'review': 'Overall, a nicely-designed app that is pleasant to play, although I agree with several other reviews in that the ads are ridiculously persistent and annoying (I even bought the app and still have to be subjected to 30-seconds of poor quality ads).\n\nWhat really gets my goat is when you pull the pins exactly how they should be pulled - even when I get the hint and mimic the moves exactly - I can’t get 100% on multiple levels. The only way to get through is to... wait on it ... watch an ad! It’s apparent that the app forces its users to watch a certain number of ads during a playing session.\n\nBut alas, it numbs my brain and gives me a quick little jolt of happiness when all those pretty little balls fall right into place.', 'userName': 'red_dev99', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Cute but sneaky', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 25, 0, 37, 28), 'review': 'There is nothing challenging about this “game” — or rather mishmash of games. Each time you complete an easy pull the pin logic puzzle you are shown an ad. You earn coins for each puzzle you complete and sometimes you are offered the chance to multiply by ten those coins if you watch yet another add. Meanwhile, there are at least 3 side games going on — one having something to do with using your coins to purchase balls, another allowing you to use your coins to build houses on lots and the third requiring you to use your coins to pay for a “challenge” puzzle — but there’s no obvious reason why you would want to do any of these things. There are even any instructions explaining anything. It’s just a huge waste of time with neither entertainment or “brain training” value, whatsoever.', 'userName': 'Tired of being tracked', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Just a gimmick to get you to watch ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 18, 14, 32), 'review': 'I want to start by saying that I was happy to actually get the game advertised in the ad. \nI have downloaded many “pull pin” games that ended up being nothing like what it was described as.\nI started playing and enjoyed the actual game play, however in the free version you have to watch an ad all the way through after each turn or it will not credit your win.\nI understand that the game needs to make money however, I was so annoyed by being constantly interrupted it sucked all of the fun out of the game. If I only had to watch a video once every 3 plays, I wouldn’t mind since it is free to play, but after EVERY play it’s too excessive. I ended up deleting the app but would download again if there were changes made to free play.', 'userName': 'JessieB87!', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Too many ads to enjoy', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 16, 1, 13, 10), 'review': 'Please fix challenge 38. There is no way to win it in two moves. I’ve played the level multiple times and actually observe the second ball going down in a way that will get it into the container but the game aborts before it gets there and says I’ve lost EVERY TIME. It has to be a glitch.\n\nOther than that, the game is a fun and kind of addictive little time waster, but not too hard. Some of the challenge levels are an actual challenge and some of the regular levels require some thought, but I have yet to see a level that looks anything like complexity in the ad that enticed me to try this game. And I wish the challenge levels continued past challenge 50.', 'userName': '*MacMom*', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but challenge 38 is unwinnable', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 12, 54), 'review': 'I agree with the general consensus that the levels never get any harder. Even the challenges, which are level-gated aren\'t difficult. But the reason I gave a one-star is because I purchased the remove-ads and I got the "Could not finish your purchase. Please check your internet connection and try again." message. I checked my bank account and it still got charged and there\'s still ads... I even tried restoring purchases and it only shows you a loading icon and then goes back to the looking at the settings menu. I\'m not gonna try and purchase it again just so they can keep charging me. Boring game. Greedy devs that put an ad every minute between levels urging you to spend $3.00 to remove it and it doesn\'t even work. Don\'t spend on this game.', 'userName': 'Athanu88', 'rating': 1, 'title': "Don't buy the remove-ads.", 'isEdited': False}], [{'title': 'I love it 🐶🐶👍🏻😂😃😀😄😁😆', 'review': 'This game is awesome. I love it I think it is the most relaxing game ever!!! I love it in my free time I will get my phone out and play it. It is like so relaxing one time I fell asleep playing it. I think that if you are looking into getting it you should it’s so nice . It’s all free too . And the best part is I have never seen more then  five adds a day. It’s not like one of my other games that is full of adds. I’ve also never seen a bad add it’s only been good adds. Another thing I love is every day there is a daily puzzle. I love to play this. I would have to say this game is probably in my top  five favorite game. I have been playing this game for over six years never once had any problems with this I decided to write a review because I’ve been stuck in my house a while I’ve been playing this game like crazy. I decided I would write this review because all these years of playing I haven’t said anything about it so I just want to say flow free you have done an amazing job at this game. I love it !!     Thank you so much for creating this game I hope you can put my review on for others to read and find out how good this game is ! And I just wanted to say YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY GET THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 2, 2, 26), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'CcccccccccMmmmmmmmmm'}, {'title': 'An Amazing and Creative Game', 'review': 'Flow free is a game where you have to connect lines. You have an amount of moves and it shows your best amount of moves for that level. What makes this game great is that it is logic and common sense. Also, it’s the fact that it helps your brain really think which two lines should go where so the other lines connect. This is also satisfying seeing them connect. Another thing I like is how they always get harder level by level and scoreboard by scoreboard. I like the idea of them creating daily challenges. The game is perfect really. It’s very creative and really causes your brain to think. It’s like a fun, creative, brain game and I like the idea of that. \nOne thing that flow free should add is a challenging level where you have a certain amount of time to connect 20-30 lines. Another thing should be versing other players to see who can connect the lines or complete 1 entire scoreboard quicker. These two game modes should be called “Expert Level” and “Competitive Level”. I hope flow free can use one of my ideas. Therefore, this game is great but can use a couple game modes.\nOnce again, thank you for reading this.\n-Nabeeha. A', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 11, 3, 11, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Nabee ❤️'}, {'title': 'Gets the synapses firing! Love it.', 'review': 'Flow Free is a little easy for the first several levels, or at least I found it so. Around level seven, it gets very interesting and challenging. Even if you find the first several levels a little too easy, keep going! By the time you get to 7x7 squares, you can see it starts to pick up the pace in trying to wrap your brain around this. By the time you get up to 10x10 squares, you see why even very intelligent people give up here. \n\nThese puzzles with higher numbers of squares require a high degree of spacial conceptual thinking. I love the challenge, but find it can be a little frustrating. When I get to a puzzle that really is taxing my brain, I go back to work a few puzzles at a lower level or even the level on a lower number of squares. Trust me, if you’re on Level 130 in 12x12 squares and you go back to a puzzle in 11x11 squares, you will not look at it say “I remember this.” After working several of the ‘less taxing’ puzzles, I can go back to the level that was frustrating me and see it in a new light and solve it and move on.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 14, 9, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Skayell'}, {'title': 'Love the game but', 'review': 'I have enjoyed Flow Free games for a long time and I also paid to have ads removed long ago. The game is now overflowing with ads.  I once again said I wanted to remove the ads but received a message saying I had already purchased this.  The ads continued. Out of respect for the developers I wrote to them directly rather than make a post here. No response.  I again tried to have ads removed through Apple and received a message that it was done.  But, the ads continue.  $4.99.  Think about that if you are someone who likes to remove ads when they are very excessive and long.\nUPDATE: \nI heard back from the developer and was provided with clear instructions about how to fix my ad issue.  I first downloaded the game in 2011?  This is the first time I have had a glitch.  It is a very enjoyable game and I also own a couple of their other games.  (I was able to fix my issue in all games.) \nSo I am happy to give this game the stars it deserves.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15092274, 'body': 'Hi, thanks for playing and sorry you’re having trouble with the game.  If you click the “store” link on the main menu you should be able to scroll to the bottom of the page and select “Restore Purchases” and then “Okay”.  Let us know if that works in your review or by emailing us at support@bigduckgames.com.', 'modified': '2020-05-05T01:47:21Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 5, 17, 18, 12), 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Pearlmac'}, {'title': 'I love this game!!!! 😍😍😍😍', 'review': 'When ever I’m bored and I don’t want to play Roblox ( I try not not to play Roblox 24/7 ) I play this. It is the best game ever! But, I have one suggestion. Why can’t you make your own puzzles for you to try and beat? Anyway, just a suggestion! You don’t have to do that if you don’t want to. Report: no bugs spotted! Report: awesome game! If your the lazy, calm, and chill kind of person, this is totally the game for you! When I said no bugs spotted 🐜 🕷 🐛, I really meant no bugs spotted! (So far.) So, I’ve downloaded this the day I got my iPad, ( I had a phone but lost it and found it a year later under the couch cushion but wouldn’t turn in and yes I tried charging it that didn’t work and the charger was brand new) and I loved it! ( I got half of my friends and family to download it. ) ( That’s how good it is! ) Of course, some of the puzzles are kind of hard, but don’t give up! Stars: if I could, I would give this game 1 Millon stars! \n\nThanks for reading, Munchim.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 1, 50, 18), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'by cupcake love'}, {'title': 'Quality Game and Keeps Me Busy, but one issue', 'review': 'Flow Free is one of the best, if not the best, game that I’ve played on my phone. I’ve been playing it for just about five years now, in addition to its counterparts Hexes and Bridges. It’s something that I find entertaining to do in my free time. I have just about every level complete from the most recent update and I have 1,446 day streak on. But that brings me to the one issue I have with it. I have noticed in previous versions of the app, when you have a streak and you forget a day, you lose the entire streak and go back to zero. But with the most recent update, if you lose a streak, you number simply goes down by one day instead of losing it entirely. In a way, this doesn’t keep me as motivated to keep up with my streaks on the apps, and has me slightly less enthusiastic to play the streak. However, I will continue to play this game because of how fun and addicting it can be.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 1, 42, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Justin_of_the_saints'}, {'title': 'Free Flow Free', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game in my free time for several years now.  It’s a great puzzle game to keep your mind sharp.  I like to see how fast I can run through levels while I wait for my shiftly meeting.  Each time I complete a level I say, “Byea.” out loud.  The guy next to me figured out what it meant after a couple weeks.  The game has hours if not days of free puzzles, ranging from easy to very difficult.  Occasionally I get stuck and move on for a bit, then come back to it later.  Every time I think I’ve almost completed the entire game, the add a few level packs to the free game.  The best thing though, the one thing I was worried about when I got a new phone was losing my progress in this game.  But it was awesome, the game linked my progress to my Apple account.  So I was able to pick up right where I left off.\nSure, there are adds.  But I typically play offline.  So they’re not as bad.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 9, 17, 24, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Cerealkeller'}, {'title': 'My favorite game', 'review': "I've played free flow for over a year now and am so excited about the latest updates that I've finally decided to write a review.  This series of games is great for puzzlers who need a break from the big universe games that are super time intensive. Also, if you enjoy 1010 or BlockHexa, this is for you. The first few sets of some levels are laughably easy, but I use the easier levels to practice dexterity with my non-dominate hand and they are good for younger folks and days when I just want to unwind. Similar to Monument Valley and Euclidean Lands, the more complicated levels challenge your spacial orientation with warps, bridges, and walls. Even without those obstacles, some of the larger boards make it tough enough to be fun, but not obnoxiously impossible to solve. I also enjoy the challenge of going back to the puzzles that took me multiple attempts and re-solving them to get a perfect score. Thanks developers!!!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 26, 14, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'husSTLe escapist'}, {'title': 'I would like this game to be a bit more challenging for teenagers', 'review': "I'm a teenager I like this game but I like to think that some of the levels are a bit too easy for me but I know it's meant for four year olds and up but I would like to see a new update of the app for older kids (such as myself) but I would also like it not to be too hard for younger kids but I know it is important for the creators to earn some sort of money from people playing this app but I really do think that if you can make it harder for teenagers (like me) to have a bit more of a challenge but like I said not too hard for younger kids but I really do like the app but if you could pleas (the creator) to make at least an update on this particular game so that older kids can have more of a challenge to have. And I like to solve these kind of puzzles but I would really like to see and update on this app.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 8, 23, 47, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'JessDee47'}, {'title': 'One of my favorite mobile games!', 'review': 'Flow is a great way to unwind, but at the same time it really makes you think. I play flow to fill those 5-10 minute gaps that I have in between activities, but I can also just play flow and watch Netflix for hours at a time! I have had this game for a few years and have recently completed all of the free packs. There are additional flow games (hexes, warps, etc) all of which are free and just as much fun as the original, so the game has plenty of content to play through. I like the option to get hints (even if you do have to sit through an ad) along with the fact that there are additional levels that you can buy. My only complaint is that there are ads between levels, but you can pay a small amount to get rid of them. Overall a great game and I would highly recommend it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 18, 12, 56), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'SkovoxBlitzer'}, {'title': 'Love this game, one minor annoyance though', 'review': 'I’ve played this game for literal years, it’s fun, it’s challenging, it really gets me thinking and helps kick start my brain in the morning. However, I have noticed one thing I don’t like about this. I was playing recently when I noticed something new about the daily streaks, and I felt my heart kinda sink. Apparently, if you don’t play every day, then your daily streak, instead of staying frozen on days you don’t play the game, will count backwards, and you have to actively keep your streak up. I don’t like this new feature as there are days when I just don’t have time to play games, and coming back to see something like my daily streak suffering because I just don’t have time to sit down and play a game, it really kinda upsets me. Still a really fun game though, and I play it whenever I can as I do genuinely enjoy it, but I will forever be annoyed about the thing with the daily streaks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 15, 3, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'AmysaurusWantsAMuffin'}, {'title': 'The Best Journey in My Life', 'review': 'This review has been brewing for the past few months. I recently finished every level perfectly after 3 years. And I am glad to have been a part of this journey. I breezed through the beginner levels, noticed tactics, solved the puzzles in ways that were probably not intended. But as I grew, this game grew as well. I slowly noticed that the levels evolved, they no longer had errors, past easy tactics no longer worked, and levels truly became difficult. The last 15x18 levels were some of the most well designed levels in the game, being truly challenging. This game has been a big part of my life and I will be sad parting ways with this wonderful game. I won’t be playing the other games since I will become to busy, but this game will always be in my heart. It’s been a unforgettable 3 years.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 11, 6, 17, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Dr.Mcwoofies'}, {'title': 'Terrible Navigation Changes', 'review': 'I love Flow Free. I give it five stars, however, I hate the new navigation changes made in the latest update. Darn, I keep forgetting to turn off automatic updates. There used to be forward and back arrows on every puzzle so you could change puzzles whenever wanted. Now there is a big light bulb right in the center to purchase hints which I keep accidentally hitting and no forward arrow at all so you have to back out to the puzzles to choose a new one. I liked the old way because sometimes you find a puzzle hard and just want to skip forward knowing when you come back later you will be able to see that puzzle differently and be able to solve it. I suppose the light bulb is there to make money selling hints, but I am never going to confirm the purchase of a hint even if I accidentally hit it. Maybe I will get used to it, but it sure is annoying. It was perfect before. Don’t change a good thing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 23, 25, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'bettyslocombe'}, {'title': 'LOVE LOVE LOVE', 'review': "I've had this app for a while and I've been addicted to it the entire time! My streak is at 504 days, but I'm sad because I'll be changing phones tomorrow and I'll have to start completely over. I'm going to continue to do the daily puzzles but I wish I could keep my streak. Overall this game is an amazing tool for an overactive puzzle brain. I've bought all the extra packages, and some colors! I enjoy switching which pack I'm working on and I like that I can go back and do the easy ones when I don't want a challenge! Hexes is my second favorite and I have a streak of 367 days on that one. It keeps me busy when I'm nervous and It's my go to app when I need a break from people. I listen to audio books and just blow through puzzles crazy fast, SUCH an amazing game for an active mind!!! I would rate it 10 stars if I could!!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 26, 8, 37, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Alekoi'}, {'title': 'Puzzle Perfect!', 'review': 'Always on the hunt for a fun, challenging puzzler with a calm, chill atmosphere; and I’ve tried a lot! Thankfully, a few puzzlers are so exceptional I come back to play again & again: Flow Free is one of those faves, & it’s been a fave go-to for years! The basic concept doesn’t even require instructions, but they steadily increase in difficulty, and naturally enough to enjoy & not be overwhelming. Oh, & on top of the standard game levels, there’s also daily puzzles, bonus packs, packs of just one difficulty level, and even sample packs of the game with a lil twist (which are also available as a separate app)! You can pay a little for no ads, &/or extra daily hints, but it’s truly not required to enjoy the game, & doesn’t bombard you with ads either! It’s more than worth the lil pocket change to support one of the best puzzlers!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 1, 6, 33, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'HonorMelly'}, {'title': 'LOVE IT!', 'review': 'I love playing puzzle games that progress and eventually get harder. This though, is my favorite one. This game gives a whole section for one size, unlike other games who feel free to make things big or small in the first 10 puzzles. I have the other flow games, but this is a smart force to be reckoned with! A 9 year old COD player that plays this would say “ugh this game is stupid. It doesn’t even have supply drops.” I say fk you. 😜😜😜. This game is great. It gets you distracted when you have nothing better to do, plus some extra with their other flow games. I wish they would make another game with multi flow game boards in one game. Just think of it. Hexes and bridges in one level. EPIC!!!\nThis game is great and I hope you make awesome changes to make this game better and better.\nBest of luck,\nFirestorm YT', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 26, 5, 23, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Mortal Mayhem'}, {'title': 'Fix the streak counter please', 'review': 'I like logic games and started playing when my son showed me this one. It’s attractive and simple to explain. In fact, I wonder if this would be good for people with dementia or other conditions that affect their verbal abilities since it’s essentially non-verbal.  I like that there are logical patterns you can discover to make solving faster as you progress. I was happy to pay to get rid of the ads.\nI have two suggestions for the daily puzzles. First, fix the streak counter. I went on vacation somewhat off the grid and didn’t play for a few days but the game still shows me with a long streak. If I have a streak I want to have earned it. Second, when there is a mix of difficulties make them progress in difficulty. I love that little hit of endorphins when I solve a relatively hard puzzle and when it’s followed by a very easy one it’s kind of a downer.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 2, 10, 14, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'SDO1'}, {'title': 'Flow FTW!', 'review': 'The “Flow” games (Flow Free, Bridges, Hexagons etc.) are my favorite puzzle games on the App Store by far. They’re incredibly fun to play, and once in the swing of things, you can start burning through levels. That is one of the reasons I highly recommend purchasing the “All Puzzles Pack” that disables adds as well, that way you’ve not only uninterrupted play, but so many levels you’ll have a hard time attempting to beat them all, even after scores of hours!\n\nA fantastic game through and through. Clean, elegant, simple design with a straight forward premise that is great for a quick 5 minute break, or lying back in chair or a bed for an hour!\n\nEasily 5/5 Stars from me, and recommend to anyone whether you find yourself a puzzle game lover or not, I’d say at least give it a shot; you might be surprised!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 26, 21, 48, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'BiggDoggJake'}, {'title': 'the best soothing game', 'review': "i realized that i had never reviewed flow, despite having been playing it for years. so, this is my review ! i love solving these puzzles, the app is super easy to use and you can experience it 100% without ever having to buy anything. i'm considering buying a few extra packs just to support the creators, since i'm so happy to have this game ! it progresses very naturally, teaching you different strategies without ever having to give a tutorial. easy to navigate and pleasant to use. it's my go-to when i'm anxious, overall. sometimes i need to watch three movies at once and do something with my hands, and sometimes i need to lay in a dark room with nothing but something small as a distraction, and it works perfectly for both. it sounds ridiculous now that i'm writing it, but i'm really grateful to have found something so soothing. my only complaint would be the ads with noise are kind of jarring, especially since i usually have the sound effects very quiet, and then the ads are too loud, but i don't know if that's even something the developers could change. it definitely doesn't keep me from adoring the app, though ! thank you for providing it for all of us, i'm really happy i can use it !!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 22, 2, 31, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'lovelyraincoat'}, {'title': 'Amazing download now', 'review': 'I downloaded free flow to see what it’s like for trips and stuff like that but then in instantly loved it I have never got bored playing free flow it’s really fun to get mixed up in tangles and everything the ad’s aren’t that long to there bout normal ad 10 to 15 seconds long maybe 5 seconds long but the ad’s go quick and they go after bout ten or maybe more try’s the ad’s are good and he games amazing you have different colors try and Mach why’ll also having to Mach the other color’s and you have to fill the whole screen up so not just some little square!! I love it it’s just one of my favorite games on my phone!!!! 10/10 you will love it if you love hard- medium-easy different levels for different players how they like it 10/10 recommend!!!!!! Enjoy the game ( supper fun )', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 1, 13, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'LACEY BEST'}], [{'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 5, 15, 50), 'userName': 'Im so smart', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing two dots for a year now and it is such a beautiful game that puts your advanced thinking skills to the test- like chess. It’s such a fun and creative spin on the normal dot matching games! \nFirstly, it makes me sad to read some of these negative reviews. Are there ads? Yes. HOWEVER- I have never once seen an ad without choosing to do so. Where as on games like Words with friends you’re forced to watch the ads because they are always on the screen and play automatically. For me, the 5-30 second ad is worth it for me. If it’s not worth it, you don’t have to watch it. \nNext, I’ve gotten to level ~640 on my own, with plenty of free power ups and special moves, without buying them. It is very tempting, and they do advertise it a lot, but at the same time I think “buying to win” would take away the fun, strategic atmosphere to the game. \nFinally, there are a lot more features to the game than just the dot matching levels, (the “flip” games, the “find waldo,” and the special levels) personally I don’t play them too often, but I do see how some people get annoyed with all the new features, it is slightly overwhelming on the main screen. \nOverall, an addicting and fun game. Download it and see for yourself. I dare you.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Amazing, Beautiful, and Addicting!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 19, 40, 18), 'userName': 'mckennabear09', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I found this game to be really entertaining and a good way to exercise the mind. I do have some problems with it though. For most levels one must arrange the dots to form squares, and use those squares to eliminate many dots at once. But there are things that get in the way of forming squares and make completing the level near impossible. I‘ve found that, for many levels, if one makes a single wrong move then making squares isn’t doable for the rest of the level. The game doesn’t seem to supply the dots in a way that gives the player another chance to make a square. Basically, the player is stuck swiping at random dot arrangements for the rest of the level until they inevitably lose. Another thing I really dislike are the win streak „boosts“. If the player wins a single level they will get a win streak. This comes with boost dots that, when eliminated, will eliminate many other dots at once. The thing that bugs me is that the boost actually gets in the way of finishing the tasks. It eliminates random dots in a way that isn’t helpful to making squares, so you’re stuck again just swiping at random dots. I actually sacrifice my lives and restart levels often just so I can get rid of the boost. So yeah. I‘m only writing this super long review because I wish the game designers could change these features to make the game more enjoyable. I already like it a lot, I just wish it were easier to play in these ways.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Entertaining but sometimes problematic'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 6, 17, 27), 'userName': 'iguessthatskindaneat', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I bought this game ages ago and was quite happy to rediscover it. Despite being very beautiful, and having the potential to be a fantastic and relaxing game, I’ve found that over time the app has more or less transformed into a add riddled and somewhat chaotic mess. Marketing itself as a “minimalist” game may have been true a few years ago but due to all the pop ups and constant requests to either rate the app or pay for different features, the adjective no longer rings true. Updates in an app are indeed a great way to stay current but it can be difficult to enjoy with the constant bombardments of varying new quests and tasks. Regardless, I can understand why this type of content is coming into popularity as young children and those with ADHD are gaining access to technology rapidly. I concede that perhaps this game is not for me personally, as it is abundantly clear by other reviews that people enjoy it. I’m simply here to leave suggestion that perhaps a more relaxed approach has the potential to make the app better. I am very happy to amend my review if it bares anyone any ill will and the one star was meant only to get the attention of the developers. I do think this game deserves more praise than I have given it for the art effort that was clearly put into its creation. With that said, I will leave my review here. If anyone takes the time to read this I appreciate it.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Distraction from Beauty'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 14, 19, 47, 36), 'userName': 'ChilledChick', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I discovered Two Dots quite a while ago, and I have come to love this game. Unlike other games of the same genre, it’s not pure luck. As you play the game and advance levels, you learn how to strategize. One of my favorite parts about Two Dots’ setup is that boosters and cheats are easily obtained for free. If you need a little help on one of the harder levels, you can use a cheat without worrying about consuming your one-time allowance. The design is clean, sleek, and easy to navigate. I love that they don’t automatically give in-depth tutorials on new dots and what they do. It’s interesting to play around with it and discover the mechanics for yourself. For those of you left confused and needing more of an explanation, there’s a tutorials tab that gives you more of an idea what you’re dealing with. The game has different sections, which is an attractive concept considering I didn’t really like the monster dot section. The sections after that have been much more enjoyable to play, and I haven’t encountered a demonic dot since. 😈 The game developers provide updates with new content every week, which both squashes annoying bugs and gives players new material. Tom sum it up, I’m addicted.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Addicted'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 2, 14, 23, 6), 'userName': 'Kumitekat', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game developers have become confused about who their audience is in the last year or so. This is a casual puzzle game for people who like to think through complicated puzzles and take a break maybe from other stressors in life. I find the puzzles relaxing. But recently, there have been so many bells and whistles added to make it flashier, and to encourage people to spend money, I assume, that the relaxing aspect has diminished. Trying to make the game more exciting has taken away from the original selling points. Also, all the windows that pop up up now before I can start the next puzzle have become annoying. I am still able to play the game, but I am not as big a fan as I used to be and my interest wanes when I get too annoyed with all the pop ups. \nI don’t know if all players would agree, but I would rather pay a small amount to open new worlds, say $0.50, than have all this constant noise about spending money interrupting my game play. I don’t want to pay to solve the puzzle because that defeats the purpose of it being a puzzle. I also don’t much care for giving me automatic boosts at the beginning of a puzzle...I prefer to solve the puzzle on my own. Solving it is where the reward comes from in a puzzle game. I will keep playing until developer greed gets too large and the puzzles are no longer fun....you are getting close.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Used to be better'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 15, 18, 53), 'userName': 'Erinnium', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing TwoDots for 4 years now and I love the game. It’s minimalist, very relaxing, and I play it almost every night as I’m falling asleep. However, the last couple updates have been pretty terrible. There are more and more popups asking you to purchase coins, making it so that every time you open the app or finish a level you have to close out 3 different windows before actually getting to the game or home screen. The latest annoyance, the “win streak”, offers terrible power-ups that often prevent you from getting squares from the start of a level and thus make it unwinnable. When asked “Are you sure you want to give up? You will lose your win streak!” I often am grateful to lose it because the power ups have cost me so many games.\n\nThe more popups and attachments and bells and whistles you add to the game the more charm it loses since one of the biggest draws is how minimalist it is. The past year has seen update after update challenge this minimalism, making the game less relaxing and more stressful. Because of this, it has become harder to play before bed and I have been using the app much less than in the past. If you don’t want to lose long-time players I would advise minimizing the in-game popups and ditching the win streaks altogether. I don’t need a “piñata party” every time I play and I definitely don’t need a “win streak” meter.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Latest couple updates reducing minimalist charm'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 3, 15, 37, 4), 'userName': 'Shane Anigan', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been a longtime player of Two Dots, from back when it circulated around on a post of calming games. Like a lot of people, I was charmed with its simple design, its playability, and its challenging but rewarding levels. Sometimes I’d play for two hours and not notice any time had passed! \n\nNow, it’s an unnavigable mess that’s completely pay-to-win. Everything is a money grab, and even the new features I liked (the new Where’s Waldo-esque search puzzles) ended up locking me out because I wouldn’t pay for more gold, or the godforsaken gold mine, to keep playing. Every single puzzle could probably be solved in a minute if you’re willing to fork over dollar after dollar. Trying to keep track of the new puzzle features is a headache as well, and I can’t get behind consulting an off-app compendium to see how I’m supposed to solve something when the initial draw of the whole game was... minimalism. That, and why bother learning how to solve it when, again, you can just pay $5 or more and solve it in a few taps? I know people have to make money somehow, but this seems extreme if they’re locking players out of certain features.\n\nIt is still a beautiful game, and I enjoyed some of the Pride-themed puzzles recently, but I’m probably going to end up deleting this app. The user experience feels rotten now and it just comes across as a cash grab wrapped in pretty packaging.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Beauty, then the Beast'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 2, 27, 41), 'userName': 'super is pandas', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Been playing a long time and I love the challenges. It’s very addicting and sometimes too addicting. However, there are a few issues that have developed: \n1) I leveled out a month ago or so. I have had to wait a week or so to get new levels added, usually just a handful. I’m done with them that day and then have to wait for more. I appreciate the other side challenges like the Flip race and excursion that allow me to at least accrue “prizes” while I wait. 2) some of the aids (like mushrooms) are meant to benefit you but many times I’m almost through a level and the beneficial mushrooms actually skip over the items I needed to complete the level. This is really frustrating to waste your final move. 3) sometimes the squares glitch and don’t clear all the colors- has cost me games before! 4)some levels fail to provide the items you need to complete. I may have 7 moves left and need one chick, and never get another added!\nI’ve seen people complain about the “win streak boosts”, but I love them. I’m bummed when I lose them.  They’ve won me way more games than theyve lost me. That being said, we need to remember that it’s just a game. We aren’t forced to play it. I might actually get more done while waiting for more levels!', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Addictive but has issues'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 10, 8, 48, 2), 'userName': 'MattMann64', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing two dots since it came out I think 5/6 years ago? Point is I’ve been playing it a long time. I’d take long breaks so I could play it more often because I kept getting to the end of the game and I had to wait for updates. I have no complaints about that I don’t think y’all should work any faster. I am sad about the most recent updates though. I miss the doors in the beginning and I miss being able to look forward but now it’s blocked off so I have to get to those levels to see. I understand that might make it more intriguing and I might just be upset because I’ve liked it that way for so long. For me I just am sad I can’t see new beautiful art and see/guess what new things those levels will hold. I’m also not a huge fan of the whole coin system. There isn’t anyway to get the coins! You just have to buy them with real money. I guess that makes more money for you guys but it’s just annoying. I think there should be an option to buy a bunch but also a way to get coins like you get 5 or something every time you pass a section and get a postcard. Or be able to win them in treasure hunts or something. Overall beautiful and fun game I just wish there was a couple changes.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game but...'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 3, 17, 16, 10), 'userName': 'some random angry kid', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is fun as a whole, but the best part in my opinion is something called the Two Dots Odyssey. This is essentially a digital I Spy book, and it’s extremely fun. However, you have to pay in game currency to unlock new sections of it. You collect said currency by playing the main levels, and upon completion, the coins are sent to a “mine.” From there, you have to pay real money to unlock the mine. The mine only holds 50 coins, and once it’s full, any new coins that you collect just disappear, and you have to pay $2.99 to unlock the the mine. Once you’ve unlocked it, a new mine is created, ensuring that you have to pay real money each and every time you want any coins at all. Furthermore, the price of new sections of the Odyssey rises with each section, with the first two being free, the third being 7 coins (if I remember correctly,) and the fourth costing 15 coins. At three dollars for 50 coins, that means that the first four sections will cost you $1.31. To add insult to injury, when you click on the mine icon, a message pops up which reads, “Don’t miss out on your hard earned coins!” If you want to play the most fun part of this game, you have to be willing to constantly pay your hard earned money to collect your hard earned coins. There are other problems with this game, but this one bothered me the most, so I chose to focus on it.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Pay to play'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 12, 15, 5, 58), 'userName': 'hanniemichaust', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for a few years because it is so addicting and fun! Each update and addition has only improved the game and made it more enjoyable. I love that you can choose when to watch an ad, and that for the main game play you don’t have to purchase anything to continue. I only have two critiques. The first is that the levels have gotten significantly harder somewhere around level 1500, where even introductory levels to new dots are difficult to win in the first couple tries, as well as the levels that aren’t labeled as hard or ultra hard. They should be much simpler and easier to win. Being stuck on a level for a month or more is discouraging and sometimes makes me take a break from the game for a while. The other critique I have is that I would love to see the hidden objects mini game turn into its own game. I like it SO MUCH better than any other hidden objects games I’ve found on the App Store, but when it shows up in Two Dots I beat the levels quickly and have to pay to play past level 2. I’d love to see this as it’s own game. Aside from those two things this game is the best in the market!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'So fun!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 17, 1, 26, 2), 'userName': 'Almighty Cloud', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Overall, I really enjoy this game. It's aesthetic, the game play, the special events, they're all top tier and fun to interact with. The ads don't bother me, as that's how they make their money, so I don't mind. And the hidden object mini games are super fun.\nBut. \nThere is one element that really takes away from the whole thing. \nThe aforementioned hidden object mini games, which are personally my favorite part, have a barrier to entry where each level needs to pay gold. Now, that's okay, plenty of games have an in game currency, and being able to spend real money to purchase some is very common thing. But what is uncommon is that there is NO other way to get gold. It's not a reward for levels, for special events, for daily quests, nothing. There isn't even the option to watch an ad for one or two gold pieces, which is still earning then money. And I wouldn't be bothered by this if it were currency used for costume changes, or less ads, or something like that. But it is the only way to gain entry to an entire section of game play. And it wouldn't be a one time purchase, you'd have to continually re purchase more coins to keep playing this aspect of the game. \nThis is an otherwise really solid game, so I hope this changes eventually.", 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Very good game...with one glaring issue'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 3, 18, 53, 2), 'userName': 'Ratskul', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'When I first started playing this game, around when it first came out, some of the levels seemed impassible, and eventually I got frustrated and deleted it. I started playing again a few months ago and it seems different in a better way. I feel like the levels are more randomized and aren’t exactly the same each time you play the same one. On some of them it might take dozens of attempts, but I feel like if I play a level long enough, eventually I’ll get a random free booster or something will happen that will finally let me beat it. I’ve learned to just keep trying, even on the ultra hard levels, and eventually I’ll pass it. My girlfriend is in the high 800s of this game now (I’m only on 178) so I know I just gotta keep trying! One suggestion for the makers though - I think it would be cool if you could buy the “infinite lives” perk and be able to activate it at a later time so you could wait for that perfect moment when you actually have a bunch of time to kill like on a long flight or something.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Most Important Tip: Keep Trying'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 12, 3, 16, 9), 'userName': 'Pinktink1394', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s actually a super fun little game. There were a few things that annoyed me initially, but mainly just because I’m not a patient person. Every level or two I’d beat, they’d introduce a new feature that I didn’t see a way of avoiding to continue what my mind was already focused on instead of switching gears to whatever new shenanigans and being made to play it. Now that I’m further in the game, that doesn’t happen as often, and even if it did that alone wouldn’t be the cause of my 1 star review. Probably would have given it 4, or even 5, stars. It’s not that big a deal\n\nHOWEVER, what does annoy me is that there are these little maps where you have to find a set number of certain defined objects. They’re pretty fun and a good mindless exercise to do. But I can’t play them, because I refuse to spend money on this game, and the only way to play them is to spend money. That’s extremely harsh. I get having in-game currency and having the ability to buy it. However there should be a way to earn it, at a slower and perhaps more annoying or effort full way than just buying it of course. But not having a way to earn it by playing the game, having the only way to increase your coins be through purchasing them, and then requiring coins to even play pieces of the game … is ridiculous and I wish I could give negative stars for it. Do better.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Annoying Money Grab'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 4, 56, 58), 'userName': 'Jenny1193', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The basic gameplay is really good. Some of the mechanics are annoying, but that’s a matter of preference. The big issue is that there are so many other things going on, and so many distractions that you are forced to deal with...Pop ups that you have to tap through in order to get back to the game. Even if you don’t want to play these other parts of the game, or if you know what the deal is with them, you have to tap through the info about them every time they pop up. \n\nAlso, you have to tap TWICE to quit a game I order to start a new one (it asks “Are you sure????”) but one quick accidental tap and the game happily and quickly takes coins that you paid actual cash for, that you may have been holding onto for something else, and now you have wasted by mistake. I know the developers need cash flow to keep releasing new levels. I’d rather have to pay a bit on a subscription than put up with this crap. (And y’all out there thinking that you’re entitled to all this work for free are part of why we have to put up with this manipulative gamey nonsense) But seriously TwoDots, I’ve given up paid coins 4 times unwillingly because there is no confirmation on that tap...the game has gotten so tedious.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'It’s too easy to lose the coins you pay for'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 1, 29, 6), 'userName': 'PlasticStealth', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve never reviewed an app before, but I’m choosing to now because I enjoy the game but there are serious issues. At the core of the app, you have a really fun game that takes strategy and is admittedly really satisfying. You don’t have to pay for ANYTHING- unless you want to. You don’t have to watch ads- unless you want to. Which is great. But the game is LITTERED with random side-games, distractions and annoyances between games that’ve just as bad, if not worse than ads. I can promise you, if I wanted to play a tedious version of where’s Waldo, I would have downloaded where’s Waldo. It’s extremely annoying to tap through these pop ups. It’s like bloatware designed by the developer and implemented into their own app. \n\nAdditionally, you’re forced to use power ups at the beginning of matches if you’re good at the game. This seems to help you at first, but actually swaps out the strategy out of the game in favor of randomization that - I promise - will make you lose more than once. I’d rather never use power ups because they’re actually just a ploy by the devs to make you lose the game and buy MORE power ups or skips because you think you’re bad at the game.\n\nAll of that being said, I’m probably gonna Lee playing the game despite the annoying setbacks, because overall, the core game is fun.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Good Game with annoying setbacks.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 20, 31, 1), 'userName': 'Fui trchioiytgi', 'isEdited': False, 'review': '- This game keeps causing my phone to overheat and crash. It seems to be an app issue because I have plenty of storage space. This app drains the battery and I feel like any time I want to play it I have to make sure my phone is plugged in. I have no other app that causes this. The game itself lags. It especially crashes when clicking on the videos for free boosts. It’s just a plain black screen that I need to close out and then reopen the app— almost every time I click the “watch video for boost” option. Thus—the boost is not applied and I have to go back into the game and level. The boosts themselves are problematic and most free boosts actually don’t help you—other reviewers have commented on this problem.\n\nAlso—what is the point of rewarding coins if those coins have to then be bought? Yes—keys can be used to buy some of the power ups but not all of them. It’s disappointing that as I have continued to play this game (please stop asking if I want to link it to Facebook) it’s become more apparent that the app is only interested in adds and getting you to buy more coins. \n\nWhile recognizing that the app has at least acknowledged quarantine and allowing unlimited hearts it still seems to be like most apps—all about profit.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Crashing my IPhone'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 27, 2, 42, 17), 'userName': 'Dogsnbugs', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve honestly gotten to the point that I hate this game because I love so much about it but it’s just become so frustrating.  I loved the little side challenges at first but quickly realized that they’re essentially unwinable without spending money on special moves or extra lives. I have yet to ever successfully complete any of the side games because inevitably you hit a level that you just end up playing over and over because it’s literally unwinable without extras. The main game is not as bad but I’m just not going to spend $20 a week or whatever to pass levels on some stupid phone game. I have no problem purchasing gold or specials occasionally but when I feel like the game is set up specifically so that you can’t win it without using a lot of special moves, then I just feel like I’m being scammed. And playing the same level over and over and over and over and over is just not fun -it’s not like it’s a challenge to get better at it, you just aren’t given anything you can win with no matter how good you are. \nAnyway, I mostly keep it in my phone at this point because I love the hidden item puzzles. I wish they’d make a whole game of just that. But any time I try to play the rest I quickly become annoyed and frustrated.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Frustrating unless you want to spend $$$$'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 24, 6, 19, 46), 'userName': 'Frustrating 2456', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I used to LOVE this game and spend hours upon hours every tuesday over-completing expeditions to get lucky chests and basecamps. Now, however, the basecamp system has gone haywire. Instead of the expected rewards from each camp. Certain camps will give 6 tickets??? 6 tickets won't even fit on the ledger for extra tickets in an expedition so 3 of those are completely gone to waste. Also, basecamps give out keys now?? I am sorry but keys are completely useless, especially since they give only booster boxes and no other power up. And NOW the booster boxes they give aren't even permanent. Im sorry but if daily doors (which are also overrun with keys) and lucky chests (which only appear by chance during a weekly 48hr window) are the only ways to get useful powerups now, then I'm done with this game. It was scarce enough already as a free to play player, now its just ridiculous.\n\nAnd another complaint. Why are previous powerups not saved when you uninstall the app, but your progress is saved? I think the  items I work hard for should be stored when my phone crashes or gets lost. I had 15 of each powerup that i had saved over months, and when my phone was stolen it was all gone. I love this game but these changes are so disheartening so I will be uninstalling until a patch is made.", 'rating': 1, 'title': 'This new update has messed up everything'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 17, 22, 14, 14), 'userName': 'Creophoto', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is the ultimate lesson in economics. What was once a beautiful, calming, and well designed piece of art is now nothing more than a thinly vailed money grab. I have been here since the beginning. Before Two Dots there was just Dots, and I can remember how stoked I was to get a 700+ score in the timed mode of that game. That was, sheesh, probably 5 years ago. That they’ve kept me on the hook for so long with a 2D phone game is nothing short of brilliant. When they put TwoDots out, I was floored. I was continually amazed by the frequent, creative expansions on the same basic principle. Slowly but surely however, I began to notice a trend. Victory could only be had after a certain number of ads were seen. I would be kept one move away from victory until I was on my very last life. If I did use a booster, and was on track to win, I would suddenly be given an impossible field to play (must sink 10 anchors, but even after 5 moves no new anchors appear). If I hadn’t used a booster box or seen an ad in some time, I could not win. Those are just a few examples. Somewhere along the way the investors and finance department took control of this team. And it became less about making a fun game anymore about creating insidious ways to coerce micro transactions. You have been warned.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Heartbroken'}], [{'review': 'First of all I love this game it is so fun and relaxing but all the levels until 100 are so boring and all the adds get annoying and there have been a lot of glitches one of the glitches That happens to me was when I was playing it would just turn off and it would not save my progress in the game and the cars would not move and when I would log off the game and then log Back on it would start me at level one but I have been in love with the game ever since I got it and my whole family loves it to and because we it is such a fun game we started a parking jam war and the person that is on the higher level wins and gets a chocolate covered ice cream cone with all the toppings you want (for me it is all of the toppings you can fit LOL) over all I give this game four stars because of all the ads that bother me and all of the other little glitches that have happened to me while I played the game in the past but other wise I would highly recommend this game.😉🙂', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 8, 19, 52, 33), 'title': 'Get the game it is the best', 'userName': 'hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiif', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game could be great but as it is a 4 year old could master it. At level 900 the lots are the same as they were at level 1, 5-10 cars and no real thought to get them out. The challenge levels are fantastic, limited moves, tons of cars, takes some real thought to clear them.....only problem is you have to clear 30 mind numbing levels to get to them!! I have seen people complain about coins but if you build up the houses you get more coins than you could use!! By level 800 you have maxed out the houses, bought all the car packs, and earned all the sets, the only thing you’re still working on are the different people for your lots and those don’t cost coins just clearing so many challenges. The challenges cost coins to unlock but you should have more than enough to unlock them by the time you get to them. In the next update, if there is one, could you make the levels get increasingly harder to hold an interest between challenge levels!?! You could offer spare moves for coins or something just make it more difficult the further you go! This could easily be a 5 star game if the actual levels increased in difficulty the same as the challenge levels do!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 2, 12, 47, 46), 'title': 'Could be great', 'userName': 'Regs76', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is not a *challenging* sliding block puzzle, but it’s a great little fidget toy, something to do with your eyes and fingers while listening to a podcast or a meeting or some such. There’s also a housing development idle game hiding inside, which adds a little somethin’ somethin’.\n\nI do however have some complaints:\n\n* The in-app “no ads” purchase gets rid of the ad at the bottom of the main gameplay screen, but you still have to watch ads to unlock various unlockables, and you still keep getting propositioned to watch ads for extra coins. When I pay for no ads I expect that to mean NO ADS WHATSOEVER. If you want to raise the price of “no ads” to cover that, that’s fine by me.\n\n* The isometric perspective often makes it difficult to tell whether a car can escape in some direction.\n\n* There is an annoying bug where the link to the housing development screen always has an ! on it, even if there’s nothing to do there.\n\n* I seem to have gotten stuck a few hundred stars before the end of level 21. You can only get stars by upgrading buildings, AFAICT, but I can’t upgrade any more buildings until I reach level 22, so... deadlock.\n\n* Gosh, it would be nice to have a way to report bugs directly, rather than by writing app store reviews and hoping the developers read them.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 24, 22, 30, 4), 'title': 'Nice fidget toy, some bugs.', 'userName': 'elwoz', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'While the game itself is fine, I guess, it doesn’t take no for an answer when it asks you if you want to watch an ad for double the rewards. If you click to just continue, it will give you an ad anyways. Every time. On top of this, the extra coins aren’t really worth wasting 30 to 45 seconds for (depending on the ad), because, for the most part, they’re only really used to buy skins to change what the cars look like.\n\nEvery time you start a new zone, the starter puzzles are the same solution every time. No one is blocking anyone the first two puzzles of every zone, puzzles don’t get harder as you level up, and sometimes you’ll randomly get an ad anyways. I understand the developers need to make money to continue producing games, so it’s not the fact that it has ads that’s the problem. I will literally close out and reopen the game to continue playing rather then watching the ad if I didn’t agree to watch it.\n\nThis last part is kinda nitpicky, but I’m disappointed that the penguins aren’t animated on the ice map. They look like a bundle of garden gnomes, haha.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 7, 21, 5, 16), 'title': 'Disruptive Ads', 'userName': 'Dindella', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The gameplay is fun, I do wish it were a bit more challenging though. The challenges are fun except for the fact I have to wait for all of the cars to get out of the way when they are driving because a car can easily bump into a car that’s waiting for other cars to pass and it wastes a turn. The fact that there is a coin system and a building aspect is nice. It’s a shame that is all you can do with the coins though. Most of the time spent in the app is ads, which is very unfortunate. I would have kept the game if ads weren’t played between almost every level, in order to collect skins, earn coins, upgrade the towers, and after every challenge level. It would be fine if they were all by choice but even with how much the game revolves around ads. But the issue is how it shows you it without asking first, and it’s necessary to the game. It feels like that’s the majority of the game. I uninstalled it due to this issue, even though it was rather fun. Quite a shame, honestly.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 29, 1, 49, 54), 'title': 'Good Game, Too Many Ads', 'userName': 'SadCheesestick', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really like this game. It has the potential to be much better. Here are some of the things that are causing me to play less. \n\n-Although the levels do increase in complexity, that eventually stops and the levels go on forever still being extremely easy to clear. The normal levels should eventually reach the same level of complexity as the challenges or at least somewhere in between. \n-You can only gain the additional skins, backgrounds, build towers for a while and then those options run out. After that you’re just collecting millions in coins with nothing to do with them. You’re eventually just playing one quick & easy level after another with no goals to work toward and they do not become anymore challenging. The Challenges that you can do from time to time do add a little excitement, but eventually they stop being challenging and you can easily clear those as well. Even when you do your prize is coins that you can’t use for anything.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 14, 12, 30, 41), 'title': 'Good but could be better', 'userName': 'Greg4981', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The best thing that I can say for it is that it actually is the puzzle game that it shows you in the ads. If that sounds obvious, then you haven’t seen the rash of ads for games that pretend to be puzzle games but are actually base building PVP games using the bait and switch lure of simple puzzles in the ads (I’m looking at you, Evony and all the ...Scape games).  In any case the problem with this game is that there is zero difficulty to it and it never really gets harder. There’s nothing to strive for, and it is absolutely full of ads. I prefer ads over in-app purchases as a monetizing strategy in these free-to-download games, because the ad-based games aren’t engineered to frustrate us into spending money.  So kudos for that.  And you can even skip some of the ads that you’ve already seen a bunch of times, so even more kudos for that.  But the game itself, while initially kind of satisfying in a mindless doodle sort of way quickly loses its allure.  Toss in a 30-second ad every two levels and it just becomes tedious.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 7, 18, 19), 'title': 'It is what it is', 'userName': 'FleshyHeadedMonkey', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is a relatively mindless game that is a nice break from the daily chaos.  The challenges are really the only good part, and it’s nice that they can be replayed.  A lot of people love the side game of building stuff, but that didn’t do much for me.  In the beginning there were daily goals to earn a few coins, but those disappeared after about a week of play.  I also noticed that the daily prizes for returning to the game still show up but stopped adding to the pot, so don’t count on them.  Since they removed the daily goals and I can only get a few coins from each play (or by watching endless videos, too many of which are sexually explicit or inappropriate if your kids are nearby), there really isn’t much incentive to keep the game.  The parking lot is the same two small, uncomplicated lots for each level of play, and that gets a little mind-numbing when you have to play 50 or 60 to earn a new competition.  This could be better.  That said, the graphics are excellent and at least they offer a good variety of vehicle styles for each game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 15, 12, 44, 12), 'title': 'Fair game with a few bugs', 'userName': 'Waterrat71383', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There’s a lot of ads, whatever, it’s a “free” app, there’s one particular ad for one particular game that I think is absolutely vile and I really wish there was an option to say I don’t want to see that particular ad again, but I just kill the app when it comes up. That’s all par for the course in this kind of game, but now for some reason I can’t play the challenge level that I messed up on because if you mess up you can only get another chance if you watch an ad, and when I try to do that *only to redo that challenge* the game tells me I have no internet connection, even though I’m streaming a show on my computer, even though I can leave the game and check my mail, browse the internet, go from page to page online, even though I can play regular levels in this game and still get the random ads that it just shows you without asking or offering anything for. Clearly I’m online, but every time I try to replay that level it still says I’m not. Glad I haven’t had this long or invested much time into it. It was an okay time killer while it lasted but definitely not worth fighting with.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 27, 1, 0, 28), 'title': 'Broken', 'userName': 'Jj75476', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is okay for what it is, pretty mindless… the issue is the game has glitches. A.LOT! Some I can over look, like sure it’s annoying, but oh well. But some of the newer glitches are frustrating. The newest one came when the “hard” challenge levels were added. I paid the coins to unlock the level, check what the reward is, and get to playing. I went through 5-6 challenges and realized I’m actually losing coins even though I’ve beat all the challenges to that point. So I test it out, paying more attention. I unlocked a level for around 800 coins, reward says it 1300. So if I win the level, my coin amount should grow by 500. I played and beat the level on the first try, the reward pops up and says I’ve won around 570 coins. Umm… that’s not 1300. So I look at my count total and sure enough I’m down around 730 coins from before I unlocked the level. I play those to win coins, not lose them! Sorry for long winded review but this is the newest of a long list of frustrating glitches. I’m getting to the point I no longer enjoy it because it glitches or sets me back :(', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 7, 29, 14), 'title': 'Okay but there’s issues', 'userName': 'bell8.5', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'One part of this game is fun - the challenges. You actually have to think to clear these puzzles and they’re fun to play. You have to do 30 of the regular levels for each challenge. The regular levels are 7-10 cars and can be completed by a three year old. I did several not looking and just swiping my finger around.  It becomes extremely tedious to do these levels so you can play the challenges. There is also a side game where you build hotels and they earn coins for you. I don’t see the point of it as there’s nothing to do with the coins once you’ve built the maximum. I’ve completed 200 challenges and am topped out. I have about 4 million coins to do nothing with. No new updates for two weeks.  I give the challenges 5 stars, everything else zero stars.  If the game was just the parking lot and an additional car or obstruction was added every 10 levels or so I think this game would be much better. For now I’m done.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 1, 4, 7, 42), 'title': 'Need to get rid of the boring regular levels!', 'userName': 'ButterflyKai', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There really is no point to the game outside of the challenges. The levels in between are just there to kill time. I don’t really mind that too much as it’s actually relaxing... until the bugs start setting in. I will complete a level and then once I hit continue it just freezes on a white loading screen and I have to force close the app. By the time I’ve done that and opened it again, it has me repeat the level I just did again... and again, and again until it randomly decides to let me move on. On top of that I have to watch an ad every single time before I start and even after before it glitches. It is taking way too long to get to the challenges because of this glitch and it’s been taking all of the enjoyment out of it entirely. I wish that each level actually got harder and were more like the challenges themselves... but I would settle for it as is if it weren’t for the constant glitches and ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 25, 10, 8, 10), 'title': 'Relaxing until it’s not...', 'userName': 'Cute ute', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I never write reviews, ever, but I don’t want the negative nellys out there to convince them to change this game. I’ve been waiting for a game to come along that was part challenging and part mindless and this is it! The main levels don’t get harder and harder in an attempt to get you to buy power ups, they just cycle back and forth between easy and super easy for mindless fun that you can use like a fidget toy. The challenge levels DO get harder. Sometimes I wish there were more challenge levels, but then I just flip through a bunch of easy levels while I’m watching tv and BOOM there they are. I’m over level 3000 now and I haven’t deleted the game! Huge win!  I did pay the $3 to remove the ads after each level and it was worth the money, so much better than a game that tries to get my $ at every level. Please don’t change!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 21, 17, 36, 31), 'title': 'This is the perfect game', 'userName': 'Sewnluv', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been playing this game for a few days now I reached level 400 and I have to say that it is a fun game but I have to agree with the other reviewers in this. I was also interested because of the ad of the huge parking lot and it looked unique and fun. Now that I am this far in there is no difference. It is basically the same 5 parking lots that have about 10 cars in them. As I increased in levels it’s still the same. The lots don’t get bigger like in the ad and aside from a old lady with a walker that sometimes appears there is nothing different between the beginning levels up to where I am now. It’s a shame because I feel this could be a great game but without the lots getting bigger and more cars to have to set free there’s really no challenge or goals and I feel there really is no point to continuing because there really is nothing to look forward to. Hopefully the developer will read these and update the game because I would definitely continue playing it if they gave us what the ad showed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 29, 15, 28, 6), 'title': 'Fun idea, could be expanded', 'userName': 'the morbid drummer', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I like the game. The issue I have is when you play the ‘challenge’ puzzles, the wrong car goes sometimes. I have small/medium fingers & try to pick the correct car. Yet, half the time, the wrong car will go. There are not many extra turns, & bcuz of the wrong car issue, you can lose all your needed turns quite fast. Maybe instead of ‘sliding’ the cars, change it so we can just tap the top of the car, & it’ll go. That seems much easier & we can use a stylus too. Edit- finished all 35 challenge levels. Came back after a couple weeks to find the 35 levels were all cleared & I need to restart them. Why not just add to them? Edit- they’ve added more challenge levels. After a certain challenge level, you have to clear 30 regular levels to open the next challenge level. One level. I’ve used up my spare moves for challenge level 70, in diff ways. Can not get past that level. Need more spare moves pls!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 26, 17, 26, 8), 'title': 'Issue with the “challenge” puzzles', 'userName': 'Spncrs mum', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been playing this game for quite some time and I really enjoy it. It is a great game to just zone out and play. I don’t know how long it has been there, but last night I found another level in the Parking Jam to play, I believe there was 15 different challenges, and I played them all in one setting. They were a blast and I hope they continue on with that because it was totally beyond enjoyable. Granny was a little more spry than usual… LOL… So that was challenging to miss her with the cars. I totally loved the new part of the game and I hope you incorporate more of those to go and play I also love this game because there isn’t any interruptions during your game play to watch ads. They do come up periodically after some levels but it’s not a big deal for me so if you haven’t tried this game yet, give it a try it’s a blast', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 11, 5, 51, 37), 'title': 'Try it', 'userName': 'NanasBB', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game helps you pass time, keeping your mind occupied, without being too difficult. I’ve only been playing for a day but am already annoyed by a few things:\n1) frequently, I’ll be close to clearing a level and the game will suddenly stop responding to my touches. This happens most often in the challenges, which means you’re forced to watch an extra ad each time this happens.\n2) You have to play through many overly simple levels in order to be challenged. For instance, I’ve played through 101 levels after just 1-2 hours and still haven’t reached a level that is remotely challenging. It would be nice if I could select my difficulty.\n3) Too many ads. The number of ads in the free version is ridiculous. You spend more time on ads than playing. The paid version is much better but after paying, you still encounter ads at nearly every corner. If you pay for ad free, it should be ad free.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 1, 20, 23, 7), 'title': 'Fun game but has flaws', 'userName': 'Bridawgz', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is fun - at first. It’s a great, mindless way to kill time. The levels are fast. You earn coins when you beat each level. You beat levels by getting cars out of a small parking lot. Sometimes there’s an old lady with a walker moonwalking (jk, but her direction is pretty strange) that you must avoid. After you beat enough levels a challenge becomes available. The challenges are the best part of the game. You have a huge parking lot full of cars that need to exit and an old lady with a walker who you need to avoid. You have to get all cars out the lot within a certain number of moves or you restart the level. Currently, there are currently only 35 challenges so after you complete those.... It’s straight repetition with no challenge. Hopefully they add something else or you can just delete the game after that. I’ll give it til the new year to see if something else is added before deleting the app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 3, 57, 55), 'title': 'Started great then abruptly ended', 'userName': 'BeBe 2015', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I downloaded this game on Friday and I got to level 300 as of writing this post! This game is fun and wayyy more enjoyable once you get rid of ads, the game feels more seamless that way too! I do have some critique to add after playing it so much with the ads, add more skins for the cars!! I was so surprised to see they had a skin solely dedicated to the cyber truck from Tesla, love that!😂 also try adding a way to speed up the cars, I find the pace to be a little bit slow and I love solving these puzzles ASAP! And with the cars crawling across the screen it can be a bit of a bore when I have to sit there and watch the cars drive out without having any way to speed it up! Either way I’m happy to have supported an app which helps me escape the effects of time while working lol!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 19, 17, 14, 19), 'title': 'This is a GREAT game! Definitely download it!', 'userName': 'Jeeeezzzzer', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I would have given the game a five or even a 10 because I do love the game very much but the property uploads too slow. As soon as y’all opened up 2 new properties today I’m through with them. It took about 15-20minutes and now I’m waiting again until y’all upload some more and that’s not good. I have billions of dollars because I like the game so much that I’m constantly playing it everyday with nothing to build. I just finished the new properties and challenges on normal now I’m starting the challenges on hard that should occupy me for a bit but I will play them back to back so they may last a week since there’s 225 of them but I finished 25 already of the easy ones and I’m still playing the game also. Great game overall. I Love hitting granny just because I can and it would be nice to see her fly in the air also.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 23, 44), 'title': '9.5 stars or 4.5.', 'userName': 'Ms 241', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}], [{'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 5, 0, 10, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Shocktop32', 'title': 'Checkmate!', 'review': 'I’ve been using this Chess app for about three or four years. It has a lot of additional features like tactics puzzles, videos, and preset predicaments to challenge you and help you set up future moves to create the best situation for your pieces. There is also a play-by-play review of your games which critiques your moves and tells you what you could’ve done better. A couple things that need improvement though. Often the app will fail to notify me when it’s my turn after my opponent has moved, requiring me to open the app and navigate to my active games to manually check if it is my turn. The other issue is that sometimes I will try to start a new game with a friend with the “Play A Friend” option and the app opens the “active connection countdown” when I’m not trying to play a live game. I’m sure there is a way to create a new game with a friend without creating an active challenge, but I am not sure how. If this feature exists, it just needs to be integrated in an easy to find menu. (This review is based on my use from a Samsung Galaxy S5).\n\nEDIT: I have an iPhone X now and I am able to successfully use the “Play A Friend” option to create a daily game without the app opening the “Active Connection Countdown” so the issue I stated previously may already be resolved.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 23, 3, 42, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Knightsrgr8', 'title': 'BEST CHESS EVER!!!!', 'review': 'I had started playing chess around three years ago, but stopped playing after a while because me sister wouldn’t have time for it anymore. I also didn’t know all the weird stuff or the stuff that is secluded, like castling, stalemate and the difference between check and checkmate. And so I gave up on chess. But three years later, in 7th grade we had a chess tournament in our contest math class. I was very unpleased and upset to have found out that I lost in the second round! I watched the finals match, and watched one of my good friends get bashed and checkmated in around five to six maybe seven minutes. At that moment, I wanted to be like that guy who defeated my friend so badly. So I started forcing my sister to play chess with me. But however at one point she got tired of it. So then I had to find a good chess app or website to play on. After lots of asking people what the best chess apps are, I finally got this one!!! And I must say I love it! There is however, a minor issue. I found out there is now multiplayer! The other player must have an account and you have to invite them. Anyway, other than that, it’s all cool!!!'}, {'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 1997843, 'body': 'Thank you for the great feedback! We are right now working on a HUGE overhaul of the navigation to make the whole app much easier and simpler to use, without giving up a single feature. Great thoughts, too, about making the profiles of our more popular/titled players more engaging...', 'modified': '2017-12-12T02:28:10Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 9, 21, 7, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Good boogaloo woolly', 'title': 'Social upgrade & Design simplification (NEEDED)', 'review': 'I want to offer simple design improvements that would engage users to a whole other level. This is so far a chess app / website that allows you to just play chess but severely lacks an actual chess community to the degree in which I see its potential. We want to find professional players / engage and keep up with chess news. People don’t want to read articles that’s boring. When I go to a professional chess players page all I see is comment spam from random people and no actual comments or video updates from the chess player them self. It needs to have Facebook comment design prioritizing the users comments at the top and then the most like comments after. They should also be able to add photos that could be commented on and liked. Secondly there are SO MANY sections that are not grouped up accordingly. People love simplicity. There should be a (Play) (Learn) (Watch) (News).\nInstead, all the categories that should be located inside each drop box are scattered outside these categories and are extremely ugly and overwhelming. Besides that to somehow promote twitch engagement would be huge and lastly, getting borders for your advertisements would help you look like s more high quality website. I just love chess so much and this app. I want this app to be successful and the chess community to grow.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 21, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Brysons Humble Opinion', 'title': 'Lots of features but not able to give feedback', 'review': 'Hi there, been playing on the app for about a month and started to really like it so looked at the memberships and there’s 3 levels ... $30, $50, and $80 (I believe) for a year, provided you pay upfront and not month by month. I was like ok I get it... there’s lots of features so you have to pay for more of them. Well that’s all good, I get that. \n\nMy main issue is with the puzzles that sometimes the “opponent” player doesn’t make the best move so you can’t actually solve the puzzle correctly unless you guess they will do the wrong thing. Solved a puzzle today and I would’ve gotten it right however the opponent made the worse move of their two moves and thereby I made the wrong move because I predicted the opponent would obviously make the best move. Please creators/admins fix this issue. It’s really not the way the puzzles should function. If you fix this I will gladly change my rating to 5 stars since that’s my main issues. Also I couldn’t find anywhere in the app to report this. \n\nBut secondly to advertise their “videos” to watch to learn and improve in a notification or have it ever present on the main menu is really annoying when you can’t even watch the whole video because you don’t have the most expensive membership. I don’t like that. Just an annoying paywall situation where I already paid for the app.'}, {'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21093707, 'body': "Sorry about that! This is designed to prevent intentional game abandonment or stalling, but can also occur due to disconnection. Longer time formats allow for more time to reconnect following any disconnection issues. We'll continue to work on this system, though! :)", 'modified': '2021-02-16T16:36:54Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 17, 19, 48, 57), 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Jeffreyfalcone', 'title': 'Mostly good but one annoying glitch', 'review': 'The abandonment feature frequently forfeits games just because you access another app on your phone.  This just happened to me with less than 20 seconds away from the game.  It’s really frustrating when you are winning a game and you pause a movie only to come back and find the game forfeited.  Fix this glitch and it would be a 5 star review. \n\nReally abandonment is a bad feature in a timed game.  The rules of the game allow a player the entire time on the clock.  Sure, it’s a jerk move to walk away from a game and make your opponent wait it out, but ratings shouldn’t change because of lost connections.\n\nEdit: the abandonment feature has a bug.  It frequently forfeits games instantly just because I check a text or email.  I’m almost always playing long time format games. I almost exclusively play 15/10.  I see several other reviews with the same complaint.  Fix the bug.  Make the rules clearly defined.  At the very least there should be a set amount of time that triggers the abandonment feature and it should be easy to look up what this time is.  Currently checking a text will instantly trigger abandonment.  That definitely is not the way the app should work.'}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 4288435, 'body': 'UPDATE: We have fixed the issue and published a new version of the app. Could you please try it again and let us know? Many thanks!', 'modified': '2018-07-18T09:45:06Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 6, 14, 13, 43), 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'D000M', 'title': 'Perfect?!', 'review': 'This chess app is amazing and feels like it has everything you can possibly need. The chess AI can play at an extremely high level when you want it to and Ive learned many things from the AI! Also the live matchmaking system has a wide variety of options you can choose from, my favorite being the 10 minute matches because they are quick and fun, and it matches you up with other players in mere seconds. I would recommend this app to any chess player, whether it be just starting out or a great player because the matchmaking will set you up against opponents of equal skill level and the AI can be set to any rating as well. For beginners there are videos and a bunch of resources available to help you to become a great chess player as well! One last thing I want to point out is that the developers are phenomenal, they are quick to address any problems you may have and really care about the app and want it to be the best it can be. If you have problems or concerns I would highly suggest trying to reach out to them!'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 6, 22, 48, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AShevy123', 'title': 'Good but a few problems', 'review': 'I enjoyed this for the first couple of hours I had it installed. I made an account so I could access some of the features that you aren’t given off the bat.  After spending a couple of hours playing against the computers, I got to one I had trouble beating. I decided I should look at some of the lessons that were recommended to me. After finishing the first lessons, I was about to start the next but was stopped because I had to pay to do more than one per day. I understand that the app is free and normal chess lessons aren’t, but I wish you could have more lessons per day. I ran into the trouble of taking one lesson and then trying against the computer, only to fail again. So I would then wait a day to start the next lesson, only to realize I didn’t remember anything I was taught from the previous lesson, and I wasn’t improving. My suggestion is that the one per day increases to three per day.  This would allow people to take multiple lessons in succession, and they could then practice what they learned from the lessons against a computer. Beside the one per day limit, I had fun and might install it again eventually.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 26, 2, 36, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "I can't think ofa nickname", 'title': 'Wonderful App For Beginners', 'review': 'Having known not much more than the basic rules, I find this app extremely helpful in helping me understand different moves and tactics. I now win almost all of my friendly games and I also compete in some casual tournaments in my community. Most of my more advanced learning has come through this app, and it’s super handy. It gets your through the very basics quickly and brings you right in to the good stuff. That, along with some of the daily puzzles, offer a new experience every day.\n\nI do not use premium but it seems that it would be worth it. You get so many more puzzles, which is one of the best way to master your moves and analysis of the game. The videos and streams are also convenient and not too bulky and very user friendly; the chess teachers are welcoming to viewers and keep a lively environment to keep me from getting bored.\n\nI can easily spend 20-30 minutes a day or more without ever getting bored or tired of it. A fantastic app all around, free or paid.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 7, 21, 50, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mreeves336', 'title': 'Doesn’t teach just tells', 'review': 'The daily puzzles and game reports desperately need a back button. I spend so much time staring at puzzles trying to remember what piece was captured and there’s no value at all in showing the previous move in literally half a second and expecting us to be able to see what piece was captured. I don’t even have enough time to focus my eyes before you make the move for the puzzles and same thing with the game recap. It needs a back button so I can look at what move was actually made. And you need to fix the alignment on the notations because I have to scroll to the right to see the check and check mate symbols. Simple fixes but it’s why I canceled my membership.\n\nTelling me what the best move is in the game report is fine but if you don’t tell me WHY it does NOTHING to actually make me better!!! I switched to Magnus trainer and dr wolf for better explanations. This app taught me how pieces move and how to castle but that’s it. I literally could not checkmate someone until I downloaded Magnus trainer lol. You also can’t replay the key moments and they move way too fast so when you show me I made the best response to a mistake for example I can never see what my opponent did first because it moves too fast and I can’t go back to previous key moments.'}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 7554186, 'body': 'Hi! Glad to hear you like the application. Thank you for telling us about this problem. If you ever find any similar issues, please contact support@chess.com. Thank you! -The Chess.com Team', 'modified': '2019-03-04T06:56:37Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 2, 4, 9, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'orchman', 'title': 'Wonderful app for getting one into the game.', 'review': 'I have played around with Chess apps for years. This is the first one that actually gets me going and keeps me coming back. I have bought the diamond level and find it fascinating!!!!\n\nI am 61 years old and have never developed a “3 to 4 steps ahead” thinking style. This app is the real deal and is played by some really smart people. I believe it has all of the tools that I need to keep my mind sharp as I enter my senior citizen years!😁 An almost perfect app and I don’t give five stars unless I LOVE an app. \n\n(note to developers: there is a fatal bug in the puzzles/learning/puzzles missed section. When you get done with all of the “missed puzzles”, the app goes back to a starting position and then goes back to the home screen. I am using the latest version of the iOS. This has not been a big deal for me because I just start the app up again and it works perfectly but I thought for the sake of tidying up loose ends you might want to look at it. 😊)'}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14898632, 'body': 'Hi! Thanks for your review and for your feedback. And thanks for choosing Chess.com to play chess and improve your skills :) I have passed along your suggestion to our team. Also, feel free to check out more free lessons on our YouTube page! For more help, email us at support@chess.com :) Let us know if there is anything we can do for you! - Chess.com Team\n', 'modified': '2020-04-24T23:40:31Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 2, 17, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MightBeDeadByNowMightNot', 'title': 'Great app, would add one thing though', 'review': 'I’ve never really played chess and am very bad at it, but this is a good application if you are looking to learn. It has lessons (some free ones to learn how the pieces move and paid ones that I haven’t looked at as it is a little too pricey) and you are able to select how long you want the game to be. One problem I continually have is running out of time during the games.  Though this is clearly my problem and not the application’s, I’ve also been in quite a few games where my opponent has also not been keeping an eye on the clock and time just expires. I suggest adding a vibration, similar to the standard vibration from moving a piece when certain time intervals are reached such as every minute. I would add this to the settings if there is worry many users would not like this change.  \nAnyways, love the app, great job to those who created and maintain it.  Take care to anyone who reads this review.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 27, 20, 22, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DMGoncalves', 'title': 'Play, learn, practice, be amused', 'review': 'Excellent game play, game management, & much more. Post game analysis ranks each move “excellent/good/inaccuracy/blunder” and identifies what the better move would have been. Track your stats separately different game speeds, and accrue virtual ratings in the lessons and tactics drills. Pick up live timed games instantly, or play “daily” chess with days or weeks to make a move. I Love the daily tactics puzzles. Excellent interactive lessons and drills (e.g. practice every variety of limited-material mate). Watch other games live... easy to peek in on a friend’s games.  GM video lectures and other curated material offer solid insights.  Regular shows like “Chess Brahs” always a good time. No other chess app comes close to this. Unlimited game play for free; all other main features available in reasonable quantities for free, more than enough to keep a casual player occupied. I upgraded just to get more daily tactics puzzles, and got deeper analysis tools I’m still learning about.'}, {'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14874018, 'body': 'Hi! Thanks for your feedback on the app! I have passed along your suggestions to add a confirmation prompt for the hint button as well as have a partial hint only cost partial points to our team :) As for incorrect puzzles, please email us at support@chess.com if you think a puzzle is incorrect and we can look into this further for you! Also, please let us know if you have further ideas about how we can make the application more to your liking. Thanks! - The Chess.com Team\n', 'modified': '2020-04-23T23:31:28Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 18, 40, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tintin 2011', 'title': 'Overall ok', 'review': 'For the most part, this is OK. I do enjoy the daily puzzles, however sometimes they are just flat out wrong. I would say about one out of every 10 puzzle (recently more) is the wrong solution, and it is frustrating to lose points when you know that the recommended move is so obviously not the right move. Additionally, the hint button is absolutely useless. If I just accidentally touch it even though I didn’t mean to, I immediately lose all the points.  What is the point of having a hint option if I can just as well make the wrong move and lose just as many points?  Since using the hint provides partial solution, doesn’t it make sense that only partial points are lost?  I would also recommend to the developers to add a confirmation prompt to the hint button to avoid these accidental frustrations. I had considered signing up for the paid version of the app, but these glitches have stopped me from doing so.  These are all minor fixes to make a very good and capable app even better. I really hope the developers take this feedback seriously and consider improving their app.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 14, 13, 12, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gordo Tech', 'title': 'A great alternative game site when your friends are to busy.', 'review': 'I enjoy playing blitz and rapid chess games with this App. I find it a wonderful source of spacial cognitive ability enhancement.\nThe news and articles by Peter Doggers are well written and timely. You play against chess players from many different countries. The tactics training is fun and if you upgrade you receive extra features. Lessons are available and charts and statistics show your progress. \nI play tournament chess at the West Valley Chess Club. Our members use computers to train and analyse the games.\nBy playing many bullet games Online games I was able to achieve the 1st place of the Chaba Mehes memorial tournament. My ability to calculate quickly helped me defeat my rivals. \nDeveloping an opening strategy with online chess is another benefit. You can pick your favorite player and watch live games.  Whether you are an amateur or considering becoming a professional, this App will be a great resource.'}, {'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13590587, 'body': 'Thanks for your comment and we\'re sorry to hear you are not enjoying the app! First, I want to let you know that we definitely do not want you receiving unwanted emails. Please email our support team at support@chess.com and we can add your email to our "do not email" list :) Next, paying for the app gets you a lot of extras, but a free membership will give you access to tons of stuff too like twitch streams, tournaments, daily puzzles, chess variants, beginner lessons and tons of lessons on YouTube :) Lastly, we certainly want to hear more about any bugs you have encountered and any additional feedback you have on the app so we can get this to our developers! Please email us at support@chess.com and we can help further. Thanks! - Chess.com Team\n\n', 'modified': '2020-02-19T22:04:18Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 22, 3, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AverageUser89', 'title': 'Join-to-Play Ware / Bug Ridden with No Report Options', 'review': 'This is basically a “join our site/email spam generator” app that has almost everything hidden behind a join/pay wall. What a joke. Why would exercises, puzzles, game modes, etc. _need_ me to join some random site and get spammed with emails from, in order to function? Hint: it does not. This is basically a mailing subscription grabber that is likely to sell your email and/or spam you. The UI also very frustrating as well seeing how this is not a native app and looks like a web wrapper for their site.\n\nThe app has loads of bugs and many still exist in the app with no way to report them to the developers and they have such a convoluted UI that doesn’t offer any help for looking where to even report the bugs. The best bug I came across was it just allowing pawns to move diagonally without capturing a piece (a basic rule and requirement that should never have been a bug in the first place).\n\nThis is such a low quality, cheap e-mail grabber app that put no effort into actually designing a high quality, bug free chess app but rather a dirty “register to use” model for a website-as-an-app loaded with bugs. Horrible.'}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23552140, 'body': "Hello! A stalemate is a special rule in chess where it is one player's turn and he has no legal move, yet he is not in check. Since it is not checkmate and yet the player cannot make any move, the game is ruled a draw according to stalemate. Check out this article for more information: https://support.chess.com/article/682-what-is-stalemate", 'modified': '2021-06-23T21:00:53Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 24, 11, 57, 12), 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'i should not need a nickname', 'title': 'New found respect', 'review': 'Original review: 1 star\nGotta say I wasn’t a fan. In my last game before I decided to uninstall, instead of giving me a victory it decided on a stalemate-draw (which was impossible). The opponent only had 5 pieces left: 3 pawns, 1 knight, and the king. I had him in a situation where he could not move his pawns because they were all blocked, nor could he move his king/knight without placing himself in checkmate. Either my castle, my queen, or my knight would have the victory. But instead of checkmate in my favor, it decided on a draw.\n\nEdit to review: 5 stars\nGotta admit when I am wrong. I did not know that stalemate also applied to not allowing the opponent to move. I thought that if I trapped their king and placed them in a situation to where they couldn’t make a move without being in checkmate then I would be awarded the victory. I appreciate the response to my review. I’ll definitely both reinstall the app and change the review.'}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18008411, 'body': "Thank you for an amazing and detailed review. :) We're working on in-app functionality when it comes to clubs, and we hope to make that much easier in the future!", 'modified': '2020-09-21T20:50:37Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 19, 14, 49, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '"Top Pedator"', 'title': 'Overall, an Amazing App', 'review': 'I want to start off by saying that I love this app. I have been using it for more than a year now and I must say that out of the apps that I have on my phone currently, this app is probably the one I have used the most, and will stay on my phone for many years to come. There are many cool features, most of which I use. There is anything from tactical puzzles to dazzle and baffle your mind and make you become a player, to daily puzzles and tournaments you can join.  \n          However, there is one thing that I would add. On the website, you can join or leave clubs as you please, but the app itself won’t let you unless it prompts you with it. I found this really annoying when I spent over half an hour trying to figure out and look up how to leave a club that I lost interest in. If you could please add this, then it would be much easier. \n           Overall, an amazing app.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 14, 4, 28, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NAolER', 'title': 'it’s okay to invest some time into it for the money asked for', 'review': 'the app hasn’t had any advanced fewtures for a long time. compared to the web version this Is very poor. would really appreciate showing the best moves on the board in analysis with arrows similar to the one on the web. I don’t think this feature is hard to add, it doesn’t need more that 2 days of work.\n\nplus I don’t understand the feature in the analysis where if I play different moves, the alternate games are inserted inside the same log. its impossible to read or to find where I am or was. SPECIALLY when I press on the wrong tiny font by mistake. and why would you even have the ‘pressable’ log and the forward and back buttons so close to eachother. there is always a missclick and the experience becomes very bad. being the most known chess app i’m sure you can put some effort and do something better honestly.\n\nretry button next to ‘next’ button in puzzles, very smart, and noway to go back. the puzzles goes to jupiter and i’ll never get to analyze it'}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16490745, 'body': "Thanks so much for your feedback! There are restrictions on how often someone can abort a game! Unfortunately many players will abuse this feature and abort every time they get the black pieces, so we have a limit on how many games can be aborted in a certain period of time, after this limit is reached, the abort feature is removed and only resign is available. Please write to support@chess.com and we'll figure it out! :) ", 'modified': '2020-07-08T16:12:33Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 2, 15, 45, 59), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ifixici', 'title': 'This App is rigged', 'review': 'This App is rigged beyond repair. All I’m trying to do is play a game of Chess and improve my game. However, is App is doing anything and everything in its power to prevent me from doing so. Everything from the scoring system to who you play and what you can do within the app is completely manipulated and designed to keep you from acquiring point. For example, I just lose 10 points for trying to abort a game against someone who had 100 points less than me??? And the other day I lost 12 points for trying to abort a game with someone who had 200 points than me??? This doesn’t make any sense. Because I know that if I lose against someone with 100 points less then me then I lose a lot more points. I love the idea of being able to play against people from all over the world but all the games that this app plays and all the ways it tries to keep you from improving is just absolute rubbish.'}, {'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8088754, 'body': 'Hello! There is a lot of information of how to use the application available on the support pages here: https://support.chess.com. If you find that some of the lessons or puzzles have inaccurate solutions, please let us know at support@chess.com. We would really like your feedback on our application so that we can better your experience. Please let us know at support@chess.com if you have ideas about how we can make the application more to your liking. Thank you! -The Chess.com Team', 'modified': '2019-04-06T14:19:47Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 6, 0, 17, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mxdfp', 'title': 'App needs help', 'review': 'Grandmasters play each other on this app so it must be very good or they are being compensated for using it. However there is no manual informing someone how to use the app. For instance, the app gives you a rating of 1400 for a variety of different types of chess formats even though you have never played these formats since the app doesn’t describe how one would engage that facility on the app. The Lessons are helpful but have misleading explanations that do more to direct you to the wrong answer than teach you. The app’s Puzzles are challenging but there are other longer “solutions” to the puzzles that you will not be credited with. Plus, you have to solve perhaps six puzzles to make up for one misstep since you earn much less for a solution than you get docked for a failure to solve. It’s like treading water; you never get anywhere. A few solutions require that the losing side of the board make a bonehead move. Therefore I mostly use this app to play against the computer that can be adjusted to various levels of competency.'}], [{'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 7, 2, 12, 22), 'title': 'Misinformation', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I enjoy the game play but it’s untrue that you play against your own skill level and I check each match and have proof. Sometimes I play against others who are 5 times my skill level and sometimes I play against others who are so much lower on the skillz level than I am, I feel bad when I win. At first I thought it was just the practice games but it’s the same when you play money games. I know that you take a gamble whenever you’re playing for money but I think they should stand by their word of playing against your own skill level and that’s not the case. But it’s a gambling platform, I just don’t appreciate the false advertising, call it like it is! And their so called algorithm platform is not realistic and I have my best friend who is a Statistician and Mathematician and she just laughs at their algorithm and refuses to join the app. You asked and offered and I tell it like it is but customer service is awesome as they follow up on requests immediately and are friendly and polite and that’s a nice change but unless you’re playing with money don’t expect to win many tickets, it’s 2 per practice game.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jrbbn'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 24, 10, 57, 48), 'title': 'Correct Review! NOT A SCAM', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Updated review. I previously gave this 3 star but am now updating to 5. The game is addicting, and while I am still convinced there are some unfair components to the game (sometimes you get matched with people who have way more experience than you - so basically you’re very unlikely to win), it is NOT a Scam! I received my first check from them a week ago. Withdrawing an amount that is more than what you deposited takes a long time. Altogether, the entire process was about 2 months long. During these 1-2 months, I was so nervous and skeptical that it would never arrive. It took 2 weeks for them to verify my account, another 2 weeks to process my withdrawal, and then lastly another 3 weeks for the check to arrive in my mailbox. I have since made a second withdrawal and this time my withdrawal was processed in 2 weeks without requesting verification again, so the process is shorter after the first time. Additionally, I was offered an opportunity to sign up for direct deposit, so I am expecting the second withdrawal at a much faster rate. I am officially making money off this game (a sum much larger than I deposited and would have ever expected from a game). I Look forward to using this app in the future for more spending money, but beware it does get addicting and can easily eat up all the time In your day!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ibashli'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 10, 3, 8, 50), 'title': 'Won’t payout', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I started using this app last week and have had more fun than I expected - it’s quite addicting actually. I’ve been practicing using their “Z’s”, which you can earn free and play with for free. I wanted to get real good before starting to play with real money.\n\nHowever, last night I had an issue with the app freezing up and then giving me a bogus WIFI error message at the end of the game, after it showed my score, and was pending the next screen where it shows if I won or lost against my opponent. My wifi connection was great, even though this app said it wasn’t working - I checked on another app of theirs and there was no WIFI issue there, so it was obviously a bug on this BINGO app. I contacted them right away, screenshots attached to show that it was pending and that the other persons score was lower than mine had been. They didn’t respond until after the game “timed out” and marked me as “aborting” the game. I have spoke with several Skillz support people throughout the day, and although they happily credited me my pay-in amount, they refuse to pay my winnings, or give me credit for the league standings, experience points, etc. \n\nIf they won’t give me my earned winnings on a free game, you better believe they wouldn’t do it with real cash games. So sketch. I love this game, but won’t be giving them a penny. I’ll find another BINGO app to give my money to.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AnotherAnnoyedMom'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 11, 0, 23, 41), 'title': 'Fun way to play bingo!', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This is a neat way to play Bingo!  The faster you daub, the more credit you get.  I like the practice feature of this app.  Of course you can play for money, if you don’t mind making a deposit. You can win trophies for playing. The challenge is to not daub the wrong number.  You will be penalized.  The people at Skilz are all for player happiness. I have played enough for a Skillz sticker.  And because my address was entered incompletely, they sent me two stickers. How cool is that?! I am still having such a great time playing bingo this what way. I played so much I am developing a raw  area on my right wrist. It challenges me to move faster which is good. One issue I have with the game itself is waiting for my opponents score. There seems to be some lag here and I have to wait or just choose to move on to another game. But I keep coming back. So I guess I’m having a good time.\n\nI keep coming back\n\nAlthough the app itself seems to put a big dent in my battery usage, I still enjoy the bingo.  The number display is quite large. So, due to a vison impairment, I have an easy time reading them, although the font style does cause confusion between 6’s and 8’s.    It’s not enough to deter me.  BINGO on!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nota happy farmer'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 23, 9, 25), 'title': 'Fraud!!! DO NOT USE THIS APP! Disgusting, unethical and illegal!!!', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I made a couple deposits a month ago with my card, BIG MISTAKE! This company not only illegally and without my approval charged the same card over 48 more times but for an amount totaling almost $3,000. I contacted their “support team” and the responses I’ve received are comical at this point….I couldn’t have been more clear with them and they all respond with the same copied responses that have absolutely nothing to do with the 48 unauthorized charges. I’ve went back and forth over 100 times in emails with an extremely thorough and basically dumbed down explanation because obviously they are not comprehending that somehow my card was used another 48 freaking times after I made 5 small deposits last month. To date I’ve contacted their CEO, Founder, several others with higher titles at the company Skillz and yet no one will respond or address. I’ve filled a complaint with the BBB, FTC and my local gaming commission. The amount of these charges are so high and just wrong to do to someone next step is my attorney. DO NOT USE THIS APP OR THIS UNETHICAL, ILLEGAL, THIEVING and downright disgusting company SKILLZ. Unless you want your information taken and used for unauthorized fraudulent transactions. No matter what it takes or what I have to do I am not stopping until they are brought to justice and refund the money that was stolen from me and probably several others.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Browndog7829'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 24, 20, 41, 34), 'title': 'Entertaining   To and For events to complete take that longthe', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Playing with real money keeps it interesting and the fact that you can play with no money as well makes it easier on beginners like myself. I have started playing for real money though and at first I felt like I was just barely breaking even but I started spending a little more money to play in events and to play in the brackets and I’ve won a few hundred already and have a check coming in the mail for my winnings I cashed out. I like that you can keep some of your winnings in the app and only have to cash out what you want to that way you still have money to play with. So far I have quite a few of the other SKillz games on my phone and I absolutely love playing all of them but this game in particular is my favorite. It has lots of other people playing at all times so it doesn’t long for events and matches to finalize so that your account can be credited for your winnings. Give it a try but practice before you play any cash games because you’d be surprised at how good some people are and might lose your money if your not prepared for a challenge. All in all I highly recommend this app', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pangea916'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 8, 16, 39, 36), 'title': 'Fun but SLOW', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'First of all, yeah, this is gambling, and there’s no transparency involved, which is sketchy. You have to trust that you’re playing against other real people and that the game is matching you up fairly. If that’s a problem, avoid. \n\nI toss in a few bucks here and there and manage to play for quite some time on it. Haven’t won big enough to bother cashing out yet; I consider the small amount I’ve deposited to be along the lines of paying for a game I enjoy. Fair enough.\n\nHowever, the tiered tournaments often move excruciatingly slowly. You have 24 hours to come back and play your next match each time you move up a tier, so one slow player can stretch out the game for DAYS, and no one can get their prizes until the whole thing’s over. I get that people have to be given a fair amount of time to come back and play, but there has to be a better way. Maybe cut the return time from 24 hours to 12? Today is March 8 and I’ve been stuck on round 4 of a $3 Blackout Battle waiting for an opponent since the 6th, and of course I can’t start another $3 tournament until I place in the current one. It’s too much waiting and dawdling for a $3 game. Seems counterintuitive to make players sit around and wait when they might otherwise throw in a little more money.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Eleanor1224'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 1, 49, 11), 'title': 'You gotta check this out', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I could go on for an hour about this company and the games. It is unlike anything I have ever had the pleasure of participating in.  PLEASE, check it out. You have nothing to loose. It s fair, because your matched with another player with the same skill level.  There are many games to choose from so you kind find what interests you personally.  You can play for money, but you don’t have too. But it sure is fun when you win !!!!! 😃.  Trust me when I say this game site is not like any other. I have won multiple times.  But I also don’t always play for money.  There are GREAT prizes you can  obtain by redeeming your tickets.  Through these tough times we are all going through, check it out. It has brought joy to me, and it will to you as well. You will not be disappointed. Great player support staff and always willing to help the player with any questions or concerns. THANK YOU to ALL of the SKILLZ staff for your creation and having a game site that cares about their players.  I’m in for life. Keep up the great work your doing!!!!!\nSincerely, Pamela Trammell', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'carolinagal61'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 27, 12, 51, 19), 'title': 'If you bored this is the game for you', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love bingo but this Game takes it to a whole new levelI f you have nothing to do this is the game for you becauseYou can spin hours on and have fun every tournament and the prices are great to the music is really cool different game boards in the time and gives you is really fun and the characters to even the game announcer voice is very soothing again get this game download it you won’tRegret it Five⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ ((Update)) my last Boards have been so bad only getting two numbers out of 20 numbers on the board I feel there’s a problem and this is happened more times than I can count and the announcer is calling numbers that aren’t even on my board except for maybe two The last game I played it glitched at the very end but the counter was still counting down with no problem what the heck If this continues I will uninstall and delete this app i’m very disappointed☹️👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾?? ((Update 2)) so far so good the game play is a lot smoother will keep updates coming.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'serenasheri'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 18, 8, 56, 5), 'title': 'Just for fun only! Don’t expect anything', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'This apps is just a game for fun! If you are thinking you can win big amount of money, NO! this app is not the right one for you. I’ve tried many times to win at least $5 but it didn’t happen. If you are going to deposit the minimum amount which is $2 you can win atleast once in which is less than $1. Usually you win 60 cents because if you will play for $1 they will not give you the $1 dollar but 60 cents only because the 40 cents it will split into two for Blitz and Developer. I tried to deposit again $2 then $10 it sooo imposible to win evem just $5. I notice when I review the video of me and the opponent, we have the same card but they gave us different bingo number. Most of the time my opponent can fill the card bingo faster than I! Why? because they gave bingo numbers to them which is they have in their card. Most of the time i just got lower points even i tried to click faster 😔😢😢😢. I notice also some of my opponents always pending, it took how many hours before they finish the game. This is scam!!! but if you are looking an apps just to play and have fun Blitz is for you I’m sure you will enjoy every game without spending any penny.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gracie_924'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 14, 52, 29), 'title': 'Play with caution', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Many reviews state that this game is addicting. And, they’re right! It is. But be careful, this game is very good at screwing you over without you noticing... I’m still very skeptical of how truthful they are in stating that you’re playing other members, as you only seem to win when you go extensive periods of time without playing; and even then, you never seem “allowed” to win more than three or four times in a row before hitting a convenient losing streak shortly after. And even then the losses are almost always by crazy-small margins (I really lost by 10 points- several times in a row- once) And when you do win, they aren’t consistent in distributing the correct amount of money you are supposed to win. \nFor example: if I play a match for $1 in winnings, and win that match, sometimes I win the whole pot ($1) sometimes I only win the amount I put towards the game (60¢), sometimes it’s just the amount my opponent put towards the game (40¢). In the end, sometimes they cheat you out of your honesty-won money. So definitely play at your own risk and pay attention to your pot every time you play, especially if you win a match. Remember how much you had before you played the match so you can do the math afterwards if you win.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'D_mon!3'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 10, 46, 59), 'title': 'Please read before my review before playing', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'After  playing 50 or so games I have determined this game to be a Rigged/scam and before you scroll past this review please take the time to read over why I have stated this. \nThe first match you dive into doesn’t offer any assistance or tutorial on how to play and boost your points so you screwed until you figure out how, but even if you figure out how to boost your points it won’t make a difference because even if you get 7 bingos all across the board other players still get more points than you’ll . I deposited $10 because of a promo the game offered which was deposit $10 get an additional $15 so 25 in total. I played the 60 cent games because any of the higher bets I would absolutely lose no matter if I blacked out the entire board.(which is unfair) this game is a complete money grab if I’ve ever seen one but if you still don’t believe anything you’ve just read try the game for yourself and watch your money dwindle away.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GarbageasstrashBitch'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 22, 19, 45, 5), 'title': 'Extreme Cheating!!!', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Do NOT download this game unless you just want to play for fun. I would win most of my games with ease while I played for fun. Decided to try for money and that’s when it starts. Sometimes you can win, but since the game keeps a huge chunk of the “buy in” between the players, you have to win much more than you lose just to gain anything at all. When I first started for money I could win about 50% of the time. I’d get my balance up a little bit and then lose 5 or 6 games in a town. Put more money in and they take it extremely fast now. I can black out a card and my opponent will beat me by 2 or 3 points every single time! You’re playing against a computer first of all, so that explains that part. Now it won’t even match me up with anyone, just says finding an opponent, and by the time I finish, my opponent is already done somehow and I always lose. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS GAME!\n\nUpdate: tried playing again.....same results!! Somehow I lose by just a couple of points every single time! Weird thing is, every speed daub is 150, every bingo and time bonus is by the 100’s so how do I keep getting these odd numbers and lose by a couple points??? RIGGED!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BryBry102682'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 5, 2, 10, 19), 'title': 'Do not download this game', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game is a scam you should not download it it’s the most you can do for us if you spend a penny on this it won’t even give you a dollar I will give you aboutFive dollars it’s almost impossible I recommend not even to download this game if you do you’re going to suffer the consequences this is a game for fun and activity but if you were thinking this game would be oh I’m going to win so much money well to fake this game or not give you so much money if you even spend a penny you basically rip you off so I recommend not even spending a dime or a penny on this because this is just a waste of money so if you already have this game I recommend deleting it because it’s not a fun game if you wanted to win tons of money but if you are a fun activity person this be the right game for you just saying if you are the person that wants to win and win everything and win money win money with money this is not the game free I recommend not getting this one if you are not the person who does not want to win money like I said again this is a great app it’s just not the person app who wants to win money thank you for reading my report please take my advice🤞👍', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '617899'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 10, 18, 31, 25), 'title': 'Love It but...', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'So this game can be addictive. You can win several games in a row then suddenly have a looong losing streak so be mindful any money you deposit can go really fast. I’ve learned to take a break after several wins to prevent me from losing money too quickly. My only real complaint is that you can add a banking card or paypal to deposit money but when it comes time to withdraw any money you have won you can’t withdraw it to the same card or your paypal that you used to deposit money in the first place. they send you a check instead?? In an age where everything is electronic and online cause its faster you lose customers because of this minor flaw. its a pain to wait for a check then go to a bank to deposit it especially when you need the money quickly. its almost as if they want to keep the money you deposit and the money you win cause they know you dont want to go through alot of trouble to take the money back out of the app.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bludva'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 13, 6, 9, 57), 'title': 'Bonus cash is the worst', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I played this game and got to black tier. It was addicting and I lost more money than when I gambled in Vegas. I played many games during Christmas to get $100 bonus cash. Well, you forfeit bonus cash when you withdraw and any winnings you make don’t deduct from the bonus cash. I don’t understand the point of having a ticket and bonus cash system. Obviously it’s for skillz to make more money off us but I just felt a certain way about it. \nAlso, I would check my challenger when I had a blackout bingo with a super high score, I’d always lose to someone that was level 100 and rank in the top 100. It just didn’t seem like they were real (it will not always show you the recording of the game to see how the other player beat you) and they were not within the realm of my league. The top players have been the top players since I started playing in November. I cracked the top 500 I think but that got me bonus tickets only. I really wanted to make just a little extra cash but I’ve lost a couple hundred. Oh well.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nomad1Lion'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 30, 18, 30, 38), 'title': 'Addictive but feels rigged', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'If you want to play just for fun it’s great but money wise it’s kinda messed up that at times you don’t win your full price not even the 60 cents. I have taken a pics of my balance and when I win it’s not the 60 cent you’re supposed to get.  Also I noticed if you won like 2 or 3 times next thing you know when you play you hardly get any number on your card or you feel one or 2 line colors it won’t give you different numbers. It will keep giving you numbers from that color line which you already bingoed it so there is no number to use any more. For example I did a bingo on my purple line and green line it it will keep giving me purple color numbers or green which you can’t use because you finished it all. I have played a whole 50 seconds without a different color number but the same one which makes me kinda annoyed. I have money in here but once I lose it all I’m not depositing again. It is fun so just play without money and if you want the challenge I suggest only do it once in a while', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mel& rell'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 2, 58, 22), 'title': 'Pretty Darn Fun', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve seen several poor reviews for this app. I think it’s because the advertisements for this game are really misleading. Are you going to make $700 from this game? No, probably not. Possible! But the two days I’ve been playing this I’ve earned about $20! This is based on luck and your accuracy and speed. You have the option to gamble real money. You don’t have to though. It’s a pretty charming game. You don’t need to worry about crazy ads popping up every 2 minutes. The matches are super quick too. There are also chances for higher rewards depending on your ranking. There’s all kinds of fun matches. The only con I would probably say is that once in a while the app suddenly kicks you out, but you get your money back if you report a bug to the team. They’ll help you out. Remember though- this game isn’t going to make you wealthy. Good pocket money though! Also it’s addicting. Thanks for coming to my TedTalk.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ItsKianaYo'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 2, 3, 48, 21), 'title': 'Not a scam, but not innocent either!', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Everything was going good, and I wasn’t going to write a review either, up until I noticed something really annoying... so you can definitely play for cash and withdraw, however; I noticed after playing for real cash, you have the option to watch the replay of both you and your opponent’s games. This is actually a key feature of the app and it helps especially if you want to see how the other person got a higher score than you. However, after winning the cash rounds after a few times... you get paired with someone who blows you out of the score board and it doesn’t makes sense especially when you both have the same bingo card! What makes it weird is that after the game, the “watch replay” feature is gone!?? Something is real fishy about that. I’m not sure if this app is 100% legit which is why I’m giving it a 3 star. Please, if you want to make it fair for everyone... then keep the “watch replay” button after all games so we know it’s real! That is all', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tbraider'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 14, 54, 29), 'title': 'Fun game but....', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I will say this.  The game is fun.  It’s addicting and unique.  Things get super sketchy when you start playing for money.  First of all, the game takes a chunk of your winnings.  I understand it’s a business, but 40% of a dollar is pretty excessive in my opinion.  The game will let you win at first, but after that it becomes nearly impossible.  I just had three consecutive blackouts and lost all three games.  You’re not actually playing an opponent in real time, you’re actually playing someone’s “replay”, so they are able to decide your oppositions score and determine the outcome of the game.  Personally, if I am playing an “opponent” for money, then I’d prefer to see the actual player.  This game gives you very little information aside whether you won or lost.  My recommendation is to not deposit your money, due to the game taking 40% right out of the gate and taking it amongst themselves to decide if you win or lose.  My suggestion is to play for “z”, the in game free currency.  Like I said, the game itself is fun, but I would refrain from putting your hard earned money into it.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'simulatedbass'}]]