[[{'review': 'I absolutely love Monopoly! I finally bought this game! (And I’m so glad they finally put it back in the App Store) My brother and myself are always playing it on the board, but after so long one or the other of us gets sick of playing it with only 2 people because all you do is hand money back and forth. So now we can play to our hearts content!! \nI remember there being a Monopoly in the App Store awhile ago and I absolutely loved it, but our iPad crashed and I couldn’t find another one until now. There is one thing that I loved about the old one that this new one doesn’t have and that’s is: while you are playing you could look and see how much % chance this certain lot would be landed on and by whom. For example, when I’m trying to build a house I’d look and see if the cat coming down the road would land on either Baltic Ave or Boardwalk, and the one with the greater % I’d build the house on. (I hope that makes sense) Anyway that’s about the only thing I’d change! \nAnd by the way, I LOVE that you do not have to be connected to WiFi to play!! Keep it that way!!', 'userName': 'TalethaJane', 'title': 'The Best!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 23, 9, 47), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love monopoly and the app because it takes away the hassle of keeping up with board pieces and having someone act as the bank. However, it is far too common for a player to get disconnected or for the game to freeze, ultimately ruining the entire game and leading me to have wasted 2 hours of my time. Also, it is hard to differentiate when a player is simply not paying attention, forgets to roll, or forgets to end their turn so it would be EXTREMELY USEFUL to have a ******chat function****** or at least a button the players could use to notify other players when the game has come to a standstill. I really hope that the monopoly app creators will take these suggestions into account as I have recommended the app to many people and know they have experienced the same frustration as me. Also, it would be awesome if their was a way to pause the game (which I know may actually difficult due to connection issues). Additionally, the game disconnects when someone gets a phone call or even if low battery signal pops up on a players phone. Sometimes the bots will pick up and play for the disconnected user but other times the game is screwed. Regardless, I love how the game is customizable and has great layouts. Love this game, will definitely keep playing, but would profoundly appreciate some improvements given that the Monopoly brand has historically been held with such high regard.', 'userName': 'graytatum', 'title': 'SO MUCH FUN.....when it works.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17358015, 'body': "Hello and thank you for taking the time to write us your feedback.\n\nSince you originally wrote to us, we have updated Monopoly many times to address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive and other stability issues. The game should run a much more stable manner now. \n\nWe have also added a reactions chat to allow players to communicate in a friendly, albeit slightly limited manner. A full text chat was not implemented at this time as it would require heavy moderation. Being a family-friendly game, we wanted to ensure that Monopoly remains a safe, harassment-free environment for everyone.\n\nAgain, thank you so much for sharing your feedback with us. We plan to develop Monopoly for years to come and take our users' feedback into account with every single update. A lot of cool features are currently being worked on that have been heavily requested, which we hope will improve the overall Monopoly experience. ", 'modified': '2020-08-18T15:59:15Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 17, 23, 7), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is a slick, nice running monopoly game. I first saw it played on Twitch and said I have got to experience this. The graphics, animation and modeling are really fun. Based on old reviews, I think many issues from the past are solved. The network seems reliable and the rules and variations are pretty much on point. The AI players add a new dimension. They are annoying at worst and a wonderful addition for shrewd dealing humans, at best. The klunky repetitious and nonsensical “offers” they make are pretty bad. And the fact that they only assess deals based on value of the deeds and classifying them as “easy, medium, or hard” just improves their luck and reduces yours makes them pretty frustrating at times. But they’re fun to push around and like I said, they create a whole new dimension in game play. Imagine making a deal with a predictable robot to mess up your human opponent, etc. That said, the overall game feels cold and lonely. How do we know we are really playing against a human when we join Multiplayer online? What is our own record of wins and losses? What if we want to play against a particular player again? Marmalade and Hasbro are doing a pretty nice job getting all their games online. But these old parlor games deserve at least a minimal social component to keep people returning. Edging really close to four stars!', 'userName': 'roxmarie', 'title': 'Nice Rendition, A Bit Cold', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 6, 7, 28), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There are a few things that keep this game from feeling like a genuine Monopoly experience for mobile. One of my biggest complaints is the fact that you cannot do something as little as pull down your notification screen a smidge without being forced to bear a 20 second+ dimmed out “Rejoining game...” screen. That’s ridiculous. Why should it take that long to get back in the game when I hardly even left? The connection errors/bugs are ridiculous and make it rare to get a solid game in. That’s unacceptable, really. What’s the point in playing a game that’s likely to crash because of bugs? Also, the lack of any form of communication between players is upsetting. Seriously, no chat box? No ability to use our microphones? You want to charge $4 for a board game and not let us speak to each other? They’re also charging $30 for a season pass that I believe features strictly cosmetics. 🙄 Marmalade, if you want our money at least give us a solid game. Another complaint I have is the only games rules we have to choose from are: Classic and Quick mode. It would be nice to have the options to change the rules/play custom games and whatnot. To the Monopoly fans, tread carefully because this game was clearly developed as a cash grab and not to give us the mobile Monopoly we would expect in 2020. The base gameplay is acceptable, but the flaws make the game close to unplayable.', 'userName': 'badchick420', 'title': 'Needs SERIOUS fixing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 24, 18, 54, 40), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I was, and still am, a huge fan of the original iOS game which was discontinued last year. This new version is nowhere near as fun to play. Sure, it looks better, and there are more ways for you guys to make more $$ from it, but the new AI algorithm is simply a drag to play. With the old game, if I played 20 games, I could strategize and win about half of them. With this new version, I’ve won only once in 20 games! And that’s only because I refused to trade. The AI consistently ends up with more funds from giveaways and pays less taxes while the human pays more taxes and gets fewer random giveaways. Please rework the AI algorithm to make it a more enjoyable and better balanced game!!\n\nReply to developer: I never accused the game of being “rigged.” As any programmer knows, there is no such thing as “random.” Programming any software takes human choice. My point was that the programming of the old version of Monopoly was more balanced than the present version, and as such, the present app needs to be reworked to be better balanced and more enjoyable to play.\n\nFor version 1.3: the background (city) sounds are much too loud now! Can barely hear the sound of the board anymore. It’s the sound of the dice and playing pieces on the board that bring it alive for me. Please lower the city sounds back to where they were. (I play it without music.)', 'userName': 'mfrasconi', 'title': 'Rework the AI algorithm please!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16203923, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review. We are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-06-25T00:34:55Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 7, 21, 12, 6), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': True}, {'review': 'It’s monopoly, just like you remembered in the classic board game, which is what I’ve wanted on iOS for a long time. After playing very frequently, I’ve been noticing some issues. 1. Dice rolls do not seem random. Quite frequently the computer rolls the perfect number to squeak by your hotels. It happens way too often. 2 when playing multiple computer opponents, if the first computer player on the list of players on the right side of the screen goes bankrupt, you can no longer purpose a deal with the other remaining opponent. It defaults to try to make a trade with the bankrupted player with no option to change it to the other player, so the only way to trade is to wait for the computer to strike a trade with you and then counter the trade. 3 when you get a card that says each player pays $10 for a birthday or whatever, the money never comes out of the players account. Maybe that’s because of the free parking rule. Not sure. 4 if you use up all of the houses so that there aren’t any more in reserve, and then sell a hotel, more houses Automatically appear. Seems odd. \n\nBeing able to speed up the game instead of watching each and every animation would be appreciated.', 'userName': 'The Furn', 'title': 'Great, but could use some bug squashing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 20, 31, 11), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Ever since I downloaded this game I have been constantly playing it. This game takes the struggle out of someone having to be banker. A game dragging on for 10+hrs and people are always online playing. There were a few kinks with it in the beginning. But I am seeing that they are fixing it now. I am only giving it 4 stars because as of late a lot of the games I have been in the middle of playing will just not be able to resume. It will be someone else’s turn and they just never come out of their turn. I think their should be a time limit once they have handled they business. Otherwise you have to wait until they “end turn” & this creates problems in the game. My games were all lost and needed to be exited after this occurred and all that I worked for or played for was lost. This creates a waste of time. Which is pretty unfortunate but other than that this game is extremely fun. I purchased both the other boards the snow and the 1930’s board I love all of them. Wish the tokens were a bit cheaper and more options. Overall few bug fixes and this game is going to remain my favorite. I have been telling everyone about it so that they can join me in a game virtually!', 'userName': 'QueenV206', 'title': 'Extremely Fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 8, 22, 42), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'So I have had monopoly for like two weeks now, and the first week I was just playing against A.I. And getting a feel for the game, but recently I’ve been playing multiplayer. Now multiplayer is fun and all especially when I’m winning cuz I’ll have a few thousand and a row of hotels that bankrupt two other players. But then it’s always fun to just flash my wealth around and buy properties from the last player just so that it’s harder for them, but every time I do this (or just if I trade properties for money in general when someone’s bankrupt) it gets me stuck on the keep property mortgaged page. So I click unmorggage. Then I click it again. Then five minutes later I’m still spam clicking the button and I have to leave to solve the problem. I’ve tried everything I could but it always does this. Monopoly’s a great game and all but honestly I’ll probably just delete the game because it’s just annoying and frustrating when I have a hotel on boardwalk, all the railroads, and like 10 other hotels, while the other player has two properties left unmortgaged, then they win because the lousy game crashes on me. So just make sure you can actually handle monopoly on your device because I’m assuming it has something to do with that. Don’t wanna waste 7 dollars for a game you can’t even play.', 'userName': 'Blerbedy', 'title': 'Game breaks literally every game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 3, 10, 47), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The developers are regular assuring you that the game is not rigged or random, but that is the issue with the game. Board games in reality are fixed in many ways. For example, a deck of cards with a discard pile ensured that every card in the game will be played before a player can draw a second copy of any card. This also ensures equal odds of getting a card. This app takes the simpler approach of randomly generating the card on each draw. This means you may draw cards like “Speeding Fine” two or three times in a row, while never pulling “Advance To...” cards of any kind. The odds of card drawing seem to also favor the weaker cards. The developers assure that’s not true, but an easy way to restore faith would be to have the cards work with an actual deck and discard system instead of random generation upon each draw. To me, the purpose of this is to mimic the board game, if you wanted to change the fundamentals of the game then a different game mode would be nice. A “Randomized” mode could be fun along with the original two, but I would want the “Classic” mode to run like the classic board game. Otherwise, the game is functionally okay. Some cards do not work as intended, like cards that require paying between players, but most major bugs have been worked out. \n\nTL/DR\n\nThe old app was much better', 'userName': 'Awesome Sha', 'title': 'Too Random - Poor Board Game Design', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 8, 4, 39, 23), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'First of all, the “dice” is a completely rigged bs. The chances for triple doubles are extremely high when you put it against the odds from doing some simple math. After the building phase, everybody just goes to jail most of the time. It’s almost impossible to play with conventional Monopoly techniques because of the rigged chances of the dice, and having to deal with random obnoxious bots online, even if you chose to play with real people. \n\nThis game has too many bugs and too few features. Online Multiplayer never works, they’ve got tons of bots and it always freezes, forcing all players to force quit the game. The animation is also way too long and it’s been frustratingly improbable trying to play with others online. And the fact that the game is server-sided does not change the developers’ minds to at least rent a competent server, because from what I’ve witnessed throughout the last few months, the servers have been utter trash. And the monopoly Hasbro has over this game makes this distillation of laziness and greed the only game of its kind on App Store, leaving you no choices but to buy it if you want to play this 100-year-old board game. It’s just ridiculous.\n\noh yeah btw, you can’t trade anymore given that the new version has this freaking bug that player just automatically rejects your offer. what a genius feature', 'userName': 'TONY ZHANG]', 'title': 'Gets stuck in Online Mode all the time!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 3, 59, 4), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'First of all, I don’t usually leave a comment or any reviews but this one push my hand considering this is one of my favorite games. First, i wanna say that the game’s interface is very well designed. It’s like playing the actual game on another level. Second, i like how we have the option to play the QUICK mode since this game is naturally takes forever (which is nice somehow) to end. Third and on the bad side, i wish there is a way for an actual chat rather than the pre wording that is not even applicable for every scenario. EG, if trading cards, reasoning for trades or refuse etc. that would be like the actual game and that will add the excitement in playing. Also, themes, boards, and tokens are way expensive. Would be nice since the game itself is paid, features should be lesser the price and not higher than the actual game. Lastly, on that note i wish there is an option to add the player as a friend for future game. That will actually make the experience more real rather than it’s always random guest and while playing with random people, you can’t add any of those players per say. Overall nice game. Worth the money. But these improvements will make it more fun to play the game.', 'userName': 'Gigdhtdg', 'title': 'I love it but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 30, 7, 7, 38), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I would of course give this game a better rating if there wasn’t a problem, but boy, was there a problem! I woke up this morning to play everybody’s favorite board game when I noticed that the interface had changed slightly. Apparently, there were some ‘improvements to the interface’. I didn’t think it was I big deal at first until I hit a brick wall. You see, I was trying to buy a house on States Avenue and with the ‘improvements to the interface’ they’d added, the stupid Buy Houses button completely covered up the property, so good luck putting a house on States Avenue! (or Virginia Avenue, for that matter!) These ‘Improvements’ make it very hard to see what I was doing at times, but make it impossible to do certain things to other times. This makes the game virtually unplayable at times, particularly making certain plays like trading or mortgaging property or buying/selling houses. I’ve been playing this game a lot recently and only noticed this problem today, which means it updated last night for me to enjoy these ‘improvements to the interface’ today. I’m playing on an iPad Pro 12.9 if that helps your designers fix the issue, but quite frankly it shouldn’t really matter. The software should’ve been tested more vigorously before release. Put simply, PLEASE FIX, THANKS!! Other than that, the game’s great!', 'userName': 'anonomous 53', 'title': 'Please Beta test before releasing updates, Thanks!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 2, 36, 21), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is fantastic, just like the board game. But it comes with so many glitches that it literally becomes impossible to reach the end of a game. Just played 3 games with my friends online, and all 3 ended prematurely due to glitches or malfunctions.\n\nFor starters, if your phone receives any notifications that pop up on screen, you run the risk of being disconnected from your online multiplayer Monopoly games. This includes pop-up notifications for texts, emails, phone calls, other apps, anything. And especially don’t think about quickly exiting the app for any reason, that’s a guaranteed disconnect. But even if you play the game without distractions, certain mechanics start to breakdown after enough time passes. You’ll draw Community Chest cards to pay $50 only for the debt to not be taken from your account. You’ll roll the dice only for them to disappear and your turn to never end, the token never moving and it being impossible to reroll the dice. You’ll make a trade offer, only for the game to freeze and be impossible to resume.\n\nMy friends have so much fun playing on the app, but have only successfully completed a handful of games since the app’s release. Clearly, more troubleshooting and supporting updates are required before this app becomes more playable.', 'userName': 'EnOnline', 'title': 'Great game that’s too glitchy to finish', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12212948, 'body': 'Hi. We are very sorry to hear that. Our team is already aware of some issues with the game and has been working on an update that should fix them. Please bear with us a little longer as we intend to release it very soon. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. Kind regards.', 'modified': '2019-12-04T16:44:35Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 10, 55, 47), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': True}, {'review': 'Great game!! However, I bought this app so that I could play with my long distant friends, but we could never finish ANY game. The game has way too many bugs. It crashes and stop the game every time someone disconnect, which affects you and everyone else playing the same match. Getting disconnected is way too common, it happens when you get notification, when you click off the game for a split second, when you get a call, when you get a low battery warning, or poor wifi connection. The game can stop and crash at any point in the game. I wasted 2 hours playing a round just so it could crash mostly every single time. Out of the 35 games I’ve played, I only got through 7 of them. Mind you, I had to pay for this app. It’s ridiculous. DONT BUY THIS APP unless they start making changes and improvements to it. Also they do not have any type of communication system so you can’t talk to your opponents. That should be included in the game to communicate with your opponents, negotiate for trades, or just to simply remind your opponents to end the game. There are many more flaws that takes away the authentic feeling of playing the boardgame Monopoly. Once again, don’t waste your money and time on this app until they start making further improvements and changes to it.', 'userName': 'kellyhn', 'title': 'Waste of time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 18, 48, 33), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I was super excited to play this game because my boyfriend had installed it on his computer and I wanted to play with him. I bought it and started playing with other people but the issue I constantly run into is either when somebody is losing or about to go bankrupt they intentionally quit the game. Or I assume they quit the game because the game will just stop. They won’t roll, make a trade, or put houses down. The game is at a standstill and I have no idea why. There needs to be some sort of timer for everything so that way the game can keep moving or if someone doesn’t make any moves for a long period of time or purposely leaves the game they should go bankrupt and their properties should either get auctioned off or return back to the board for the other people to buy in the future. It’s super annoying having to leave a game because nobody is moving or being sore losers. I don’t have any interest in playing this game anymore because of this. It takes so long to even start getting to a place where you’re making money and getting people to land on your properties so going through all that just to quit because someone doesn’t want to play the game anymore is annoying. Wish I could get a refund.', 'userName': 'MykaelaJ', 'title': 'People keep quitting', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 9, 1, 13), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "I like this game. It is just like the old monopoly I used to play except way faster because the money was automatically transferred. I do have some complaints though. If you’re gonna make an app cost money, don’t have in-app purchases that cost more than the game itself. There is some small details that I am slightly concerned about. If you spam click a property you want to mortgage then you lose money until you can’t click it anymore. When you are paying someone money it will do the transfer animation with the monopoly dollars but it will do the same animation no matter how much money was given/lost. The dice. I am slightly annoyed when they land on a flat surface when it should be landing on top of the buildings. It would be cool if the dice Didn't land on the buildings as if they were drawn onto the board. If they landed on top of the buildings that would be cool. These are just minor issues that I would be fine if they didn’t change. Over all, this was a great game to play with my family and I highly recommend playing it because you can pay 15 dollars for the real version or 4 bucks for a virtual version that goes faster.", 'userName': 'the epic stuidos', 'title': 'Good game but has small issues.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 16, 14, 36), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Hello, I have played several games of Monopoly on this app. So far, the games have all been 4 players with 3 AI all on easy mode.  All my games just so happen to go the same way.  At first, because the AI is on easy mode, I to great! I’m usually the first to get monopoly while the AI is rolling decent and realistic rolls. This positive trend follows into the middle game up until the endgame. During the endgame, their is a switch.  With 2 players bankrupt, me having a thousand dollars minimum 2-4 monopolies all with a few houses and hotels. The other player is generally just as good. But, something changes. For some reason the AI just so happens to just the correct numbers to avoid my hotels/2-4 houses...for like 6 rotations to the board... they literally almost never land on my properties when there is only one AI left.  Me in contrary, is landing on every single one of their and gets all the chance cards which make me pay more. The chance cards they land on gives them money no matter what in the endgame. You cannot tell me this game is rigged against the player. Sometimes AI’s came back several thousands of dollars and ended up winning.  The game while fun, is against the human player. If not, explain my experiences. “Which happened consecutively”', 'userName': '2k-GOd17373', 'title': 'Game Breaking Mechanics.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12507336, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-20T11:00:28Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 1, 45, 27), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have played enough games vs AI now to know that the game’s dice rolls are either not random at all and the events that transpire are a poorly written “random simulator” rather than an actual “random number generator” for dice. Stop trying to pull the wool over your customers’ eyes. There have been an immense amount of games where either me or one or more of the AI have an OVERABUNDANCE of luck. ESPECIALLY on easy. This doesn’t feel like raw game play at all, and if you don’t hog properties the AI will make the “perfect deals” and wind up with a monopoly within the first round or two. This is on EASY. I tried “Hard” difficulty and all it seemed to do was diminish my LUCK and not make dealing with AI more difficult. My chance cards were likely busts, I always landed on their properties while they literally would miss mine over multiple runs each round, and I always found myself in jail. \n\nYou may as well get rid of the dice. I will be uninstalling this rip off as soon as I am done writing this\n\nP.S. don’t argue with your customers with passive aggressive comments like “I’m sorry that you feel the game is rigged, we promise it’s not”. When it clearly is depicting something that is clearly not actually happening. Shove it. Don’t bother replying. Tired of being ripped off.', 'userName': 'Hamperedism', 'title': 'Devs say not rigged. I say YES!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 20, 2, 52, 50), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I’ve been enjoying this game quite a bit. The animation is lovely, the load times are quick, and, of course, Monopoly is just fun to play. My only quibble is the programming of the computer players. As far as I can tell, the only differences between the easy and hard modes are the likelihood that the computer players will elect not to buy a property or make a bizarre trade. \n\nI find that the game is artificially difficult at times because the computer players frequently make unreasonable trades that savvy human players would never make. For example, Dog will make a trade with Penguin that gives Penguin an orange monopoly (at a time when Penguin has tons of money and can immediately build it up to four houses per property). In exchange, Dog got a second red property that Dog can’t do anything with (because I have the third red property). So Dog gives Penguin an almost insurmountable advantage early in the game for no obvious strategic reason. It seems like a minor gripe in the grand scheme of things, but similar scenarios happen fairly often, which makes the game less fun at times.', 'userName': 'cwbflute', 'title': 'Fun game; bizarre computer player interactions', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16323967, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. I'm very sorry to hear that you feel this way. e can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. However, I've shared all this information with our QA team to investigate and make sure that each dice throw's probability remains correct.\rIf you have more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\n", 'modified': '2020-07-01T03:09:55Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 30, 14, 57, 14), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Why is this so limited. I play on the Nintendo switch and PlayStation and both offer different playing mode like free parking and snake eyes. Nintendo switch offers goal game modes like magnet and property improvements. There needs to be custom game mode option for online play, in game texting or more comment choses. One thing different that this game offers is that you can check property information particularly the number of times the property has been landed on, which I really like while the other two platforms don’t offer that. Though it is ridiculous that these options can only be viewed while it’s your turn. This information should be available at anytime! Lastly, my biggest complaint That at times in rages me is these games tend to be one-sided and the dice rolls hardly ever seen random where is the same person keeps skipping over the same properties over and over and over again. Those individuals also seem to dodge taxes nearly the entire game game. I’ve seen both sides of this because I’ve been on both sides of it where is I’m the one dodging the properties and the taxes and other people get devastated.', 'userName': 'Dj Strick9', 'title': 'It’s functional but I expect more!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19735335, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-14T05:06:01Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 12, 19, 36, 55), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': True}, {'title': 'Fun game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 8, 6, 6, 44), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'savegcabeg911', 'review': 'When I was a little kid I loved to play monopoly now that I’m older I don’t have many people to play with. After time at found this app (monopoly), I was not sure I wanted to spend that amount on a Mobil game but after thinking I got it and it was worth it! This game has so many options you could play single player with robots or play with real people you can even have your own custom set of rules this game is never ending! If you get bored of the same bored you can get the season pass although it’s expensive I am planning on getting it because of the lots of options fore example with the pass you can get 5 bored and later when they come out 5 more borders plus they all have unique themes and everything and I counted and bye the end of the season you will be able to have over 40 characters. So, soon I hope I will be able to buy the season pass.\nPs: the season pass also has an explore pass that changes the game boards up too 36 different languages, \nThanks for reading.'}, {'title': 'Good start but a few suggestions', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 26, 0, 58, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Leonard Pinth-Garnell', 'review': 'Overall the game is enjoyable, but a couple of annoying issues: the 3D city looks good but it’s not in 3D very often and when it is it’s usually obstructed by a game card, property purchase and so on. Would be nice to see the city in 3D more often during gameplay. The “your turn” banner obstructs the dice momentarily. The dice should never be obstructed. When adding houses to the purple properties, the add houses button extends over the purple properties making it difficult to add properties there. I find myself accidentally not buying a property because the buy or not buy buttons are too close together. Maybe a different layout for buying properties. For games against the computer it would be nice to limit the number of times the computer offers a trade. It gets to the point where it is offering trades on every dice roll which slows the game down. For the custom rule set, having an option to start the game with more money would be nice. The EA version of this game had a terrific animation for the game pieces. Would be nice to see the something similar here.'}, {'title': 'Freezes up consistently!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 18, 42, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Roku 1967', 'review': "NEW PROBLEM: the game consistently mis moves the pieces! I thought I was making the mistakes but nope every game it happens SEVERAL times. Roll a five & it will go 6 to land you on someone’s hotel...incredibly frustrating.  The game is also very predictable. If you build properties the next roll the next player almost every time won't land on you. I like the game, however another issue is that it freezes up at crucial junctures of the game. Such as after a trade. You have no choice after several minutes to abandon the game. Very frustrating after vesting so much time into it. Also I just finished a game & I bankrupted every player then it announced the last bankrupted player as the “winner!”. Ticks you off especially after spending an hour with idiots that want to make the same trade every single turn! I almost quit several times but I hung in there and put up with it because the other normal player suffering through the BS like I was. The game definitely needs some improvements. I would give this 3-1/2 stars but it won’t let me. PLEASE FIX THE FREEZE UP PROBLEM! CONSTANT CONNECTION PROBLEMS TOO! I check my internet & it’s connected. And all my other devices are working."}, {'title': 'Fun, but doesn’t feel random', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 12, 1, 29, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'EmmyLou1414', 'review': 'I’ve been playing on hard for a few weeks, which I assumed were the AI’s not taking unfair trades and just overall making you really use your problem solving skills (looking several moves ahead like chess) in terms of buying and trading properties. I noticed that I would strive to get my pink and dark blue set every game, but nobody would land on them once I added houses and/or hotels. I noticed that they would skate right by and all of a sudden I keep going to jail when no player had been the entire game. After 30+ games, you start to notice trends. Today was kind of the breaking point for me when an AI owned Park Place and nobody owned Boardwalk. This was the beginning of the game and neither I nor the 3 AI’s had more than 2 or 3 properties and nobody was close to a set. I offered everything I had plus ONE THOUSAND dollars and the AI refused my trade. The next turn he rolled, landed on Boardwalk, completed the set, and put several houses on each. I’m pretty intelligent and am very good at recognizing patterns. Not saying it’s rigged, but adding this to the difficulty level makes the game incredibly frustrating and not fun to play.'}, {'title': 'Addicting but missing something !', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 1, 14, 32, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': '-Nat926-', 'review': 'I love playing monopoly and play this app a lot! I’m very addicted to this monopoly game app! Worth the money! However it’s very frustrating when the game freezes in middle of the game and you literally have to exit the game and start a new one. The app should also offer different themes ! Like maybe properties, game pieces and a board of places around the world or different cultures. They only offer a winter theme and that’s it...and more importantly the app of monopoly should offer a way for you to communicate with other players while actually playing ! Maybe select phrases and emoji icons in order to keep the communication more controlled. It would also be nice to have worldwide competitions amongst all players and win some new game pieces or some type of cool game play feature..and it would allow players to have their own stats and see how many wins and losses and try to pass other players while playing! It’s honestly worth the money I just feel that the developers can push the game play and app features and designs further and more interactive !'}, {'title': 'Weighted Dice', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 30, 8, 43, 56), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Fatality10', 'review': 'Here’s my 2 scenarios\n1: I had a the yellow and brown color set with hotels on each. Everyone went bankrupt except this guy named Budwiser and I, he owned the orange color set only with a few mortgaged properties. I go around the board and each time...I land on his orange then get sent to jail. I went around 4 times and each time I landed on his color sets. He goes around the board 6 time while I was in jail and only once landing on my brown color set...\n2: I owned the brown color set once again, while I passed go I landed on income tax. Rolling again due to doubles, rolling I land on the chance. I prayed to not draw the advance to st Charles place but my prayers went unanswered. I drew the card and payed my rent from a hotel on st Charles.  Having to mortgage everything. My next turn I really prayed to god to not roll a 2 or a 3 due to them having hotels...I roll a 2 and go bankrupt. My properties went untouched the whole game after putting houses down...I really am not the one to point fingers at rigged games but...when I see people rolling past a whole section of houses and landing on chance and free parking every time...I don’t have much of a choice to believe it’s something more than bad luck. A refund would be great but not likely due to the greed of corporations now a days'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12491959, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-19T15:39:12Z'}, 'title': 'High potential, missed mark', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 1, 7, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'omarEveEli', 'review': 'At the onset I absolutely loved this game. After playing almost 20 single player matches I found some major flaws. The most annoying being the roll of the dice is not random. I understand that anything can happen in a dice roll but it seems the dice rolls are scripted. \n\nTo prove this I played a single player match against one ai player on easy. I controlled all property and railroads from the go square to free parking, yes that includes the orange properties!  The opposing side only had boardwalk and park place. We both had hotels on all monopolies owned. For a numbered point of reference that’s 13 out of 20 to one side while the ai had 2 out of 20 on the opposing side. I recorded 12 cycles and I landed 8 out of 12 cycles on either one of his two squares while the ai landed only 9 times on my 13 squares out of the 12 cycles. \n\nAlmost every cycle I landed on his two properties and yet many times the ai only landed on a chance, just visiting, income tax, or community passing through unscathed on my side of the board. When the ai did land it was a surprise. I’ve played enough games to realize there is some scripting going on. Very disappointed!'}, {'title': 'Flawed but fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 17, 20, 3, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'UniqueMark', 'review': 'The single player game is fun for awhile, and certainly worth the initial investment, but the key to the longevity of the game is the multiplayer mode. This is fun, too, but you have to be prepared for some disappointment. Currently, there are bugs that prevent games from being finished, and these bugs can happen after you’ve played for 30 minutes or more. For example, if somebody owes money, and they try to make another deal to raise more money, this seems to stop the game. It seems to lose track of whose turn it is (and who is still owed money). Sometimes, if someone refuses all your deals for that turn, it ends your turn for some reason, but the End Turn button is still shown. Pressing End Turn at this point stops the game. If you are low on battery life and get a battery warning, it can disconnect you from the game. Also, players sometimes stop playing, and there’s no warning or way to resign without stopping the game for everyone. In spite of these flaws, it’s a fun game, but there’s room for improvement. Personally, I’m waiting for these issues to get addressed before investing more money in a Season Pass.'}, {'title': 'Heres the deal.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 3, 12, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'EngageV2', 'review': 'This game has so much potential, but with the current bugs its unplayable. I just played a game with my fiancé, where we both got into a online multiplayer lobby (why is there no option to bring friends into online multiplayer) so when we were playing im not sure what happened but it ended up freezing for her without ANY notice to me. On her phone it was frozen she had to close app, for me it seemed as if she was playing just fine. Before it froze she told me she landed on me as i wasnt paying attention but on my screen no one landed on me. Its 100% off sync on her phone i had $250 on my phone i had $77. \n\nTheres so many more bugs im sure u guys been told by now. And so many more things you guys can improve on. So heres what I did. I made a community ran subreddit for this game i’d love for some of you’re companies employees to join. Its r/monopolymobile\n\nwe can easily get the subreddit to grow and i can get a list of complaints/bugs/suggestions/glitches sent from players to you guys as theres no direct way to get these sent so people know you guys are listening.  Hope you see this and hope to see you in the reddit.'}, {'title': 'Unfair Game Play (how is no one talking about this)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 12, 8, 14, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ChongBrown214', 'review': 'Design is great. I like the colors and the modern feel of moving environments makes extended play time feel flowy and not stagnant. The peices  are fine I just used to enjoy the Car actually driving and the Ship actually sailing so it’s like game is modernized in all the wrong places. Above all else the game play is so very unfair. It rolls you exactly what you don’t need EVERY TIME. I have still never won a game, it lands me on spaces that I can’t quite afford just to show me its updated mortgaging and trading system,  you can successfully predict what every player will land on by determining what would be worse for you. I know it’s supposed to make for a “challenging” atmosphere but it’s so heavy handed and obvious. The only fun I have with this game is literally TRYING to lose and watching how ridiculously things play out. If you have big money and storage to but. it’s worth a chuckle but if you’re looking for a fun GAME (as opposed to an hour long march of death) then pass this over.'}, {'title': 'Love it but serious issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 4, 16, 42, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'pianoguyd', 'review': 'Love the game but there are serious issues. The game is a battery hog.  It drains the battery so quickly.  It freezes up which forces you to close it and open it again.  The trades the A.I. players make are ridiculous and play after play they repeat over and over even if you silence them for that turn.  Real players wouldn’t do half of this stuff   Sometimes it appears that the dice roll is not random.  Sometimes the chance or community chest cards can be the same thing on back to back draws. Who goes first, second, third is flawed because it depends upon how you are listed and who rolls the highest dice when playing against the A.I players.   Not as much animation is needed which may help the battery drain or at least give an option to turn some of that off. So many things in each turn slow the whole game down and could be altered to keep it moving. Why not put the property cards displaying in the lower right rather than taking up the whole screen.  Overall I enjoy the game but this one needs some work.  I get tired of it draining my battery quickly.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12507439, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-20T11:07:43Z'}, 'title': 'Low Game Completion Rate / Great Potential', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 19, 50, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'sherrold1', 'review': 'The game has great potential but there are too many issues to warrant paying $4 to play at the moment. However, I am confident that the game will continue to be hashed out in the coming months and eventually will fix the bugs and add more features.\n\nThe amount of games that are completed before some kind of bug freezes up the game is very slim. This is unfortunate for a game that requires a decent time investment to complete. I also find myself wondering what happens when a player decides to quit. Is that why the game freezes? Are they replaced with an AI? If so, why doesn’t it tell me that I’m playing AI? Is the game freezing from and idle player? If so, can there be a boot timer? Are people rewarded for finishing games? Are people penalized for not finishing games? It would be great to have some kind of stat collection that keeps track of your wins and matches you up with similarly skilled players.\n\nThere are a lot of features such as described above that can be found in the Settlers of Catan app that I think would be very beneficial to Monopoly.'}, {'title': 'AMAZING!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 13, 55, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': "Justin's gal 1997", 'review': 'I’m hooked. I’ve had it 2 days and I’ve played over 10 games 💖 it is really awesome that they added custom things that you can change. Monopoly had always been my favorite game and I can never get people to play, but now I can play as much as I want! Only a few things I hope they change/fix. Sometimes as I’m about to win the app glitches and one piece is stuck on one space and I have no option but to quit the game I was about to win. Also I think the limited house/hotel thing is stupid. I know it’s realistic but the app should be a little more advanced and fix tedious things like that. In real life me and my brother bought an old game from the thrift store and added the houses hotels and money from the old one to the new one so we didn’t run out. There’s hardly a way to progress with the limited number. Another thing I’d like is more custom gameplay but that’s just a little thing the other two things are more pressing. But overall I love it, it makes me so happy!'}, {'title': 'Highly Necessary Additions Needed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 17, 38, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Kirby0101', 'review': 'Hi! I’d like to start off by saying .. this game is missing a lot! It felt very unsatisfying to win an online multiplayer game and not receive any sort of prize as a reward. The dissatisfaction alone was able to push me away from wanting to play the game totally. There is a dire need for some form of level-up system, coin transaction, and prizes. I’d like to believe that this app has not even scratched the surface of it’s potential to be incredibly fun, and highly social. The only customization is being able to select what you play as before a game and what map you use, but what about having your own profile and being able to search up other people? What about leaderboards to see other friends or leagues that you’re able to participate in? The menu is so bland, and it is so very clear that a lot more can be added to make it much more engaging and addictive. Personal daily challenges & achievements. And if it’s all done right and very cleanly, I might even consider the unthinkable: Paying for some of the maps and tokens. Because I would be THAT much engaged in it.'}, {'title': 'Updated Review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 18, 16, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Mexcian Coke', 'review': 'I nicked a star because they game against computer players is quite obviously not random.   It really takes away from any element of skill you can use to apply to your game.   It seems to predetermine who will win. Even when you try to mix up the levels your playing against.  Be that you or another computer generated player.   I addressed this privately with specifics before coming back and rewriting the review.     And I’m probably being generous by giving the 4 instead of 3 stars.   \nBut you can own three sides of the board with houses and hotels and still lose again and again to a guy that owns only Baltic and Mediterranean when playing against computer generated players....you can predict where player will land.   You can predict that a 7 will be rolled 95% of the time they come out of jail, and jail is used constantly.   An entire board of people shouldn’t be in jail that often.   Bummer!\nThe online portion is better when playing with actual people.'}, {'title': 'Tons of fun, but a few bugs/tech issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 12, 21, 3, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Lauren Bread', 'review': 'Amazing app - super addicting and great for both solo and group play. Customizable games so you can stay old school or play a more modern way. Option for faster games is super convenient. I do think it’s worth the money, but I wish there weren’t so many lags and tech issues. App often gets frozen at the start of a game and you’re forced to quit the app altogether because there aren’t any settings buttons available to just quit to menu. I’ve also been disconnected during games as well despite having uninterrupted, strong WiFi connection. You also can’t swipe across your screen to check the time or adjust brightness, etc because it’ll temporarily disconnect you. If the game isn’t able to reconnect you quickly enough, you get replaced by an AI and are booted from the game. Additionally, the animations when you purchase property, make trades, or even roll take way too long. Wish there was a way to tap through it to speed up the process. Other than those bugs/issues, great game.'}, {'title': 'I really want to love this!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 5, 3, 31), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'B2KCEO', 'review': 'Monopoly has always been a fav since I was old enough to understand. But I don’t usually spend any money on apps unless I know I’ll use it. \nWell, I played a few days straight while stuck at home for a bit at Christmas. The AI is ok but it was playing against other people I was looking forward to! I won the first two times and thought that I was gonna really love playing this. As I played more and more I noticed some frustrating things. I don’t have to win all the time and make enough mistakes to know why I’ve lost. But the inconsistency on the dice roll for all players is a predictable algorithm with no actual randomness. \n\nWhen I pay $4 I don’t except the world but I would have liked the opportunity to earn thru winning, other boards and pieces. No leaderboard or way to keep stats in this digital world was a surprise. I’m hoping for change as my thoughts seem to be repeated over and over again in the reviews. I’d love to be able to get my friends involved but most would be upset paying for something with some of the missing options. \nThanks'}, {'title': 'One of the better monopoly games', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 4, 20, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'joedavenport', 'review': '** deleted game. The latest update seems less random with rolls and cards. After playing a day you can basically predict what will happen. :/ \n* Previously the dice rolls usually in favor of helping both you and the computer players rather than hurting, now they favor drama. \n*We need to be able to turn off trades mid-game, if you have a property the computer wants they will ask every turn. \n*I like the short game, but it does not make sense that you can bankrupt a computer player and then instantly lose to another computer just because their net worth was more at that moment. \n*Tapping the screen during animations should skip them. Turning off would be nice too, especially for short games. \n*When making mortgage and housing decisions it would be useful to be able to see the other players positions on the board. \n*There is a bug that the cards that say pay or collect from another player, do not impact the other players.\n*Winning games should unlock some of the features that are asking for payment.\n*The speedier computer rolls are appreciated, we still need to be able to tap and skip animations. \n*I’d also like a mode where the properties are distributed for a faster game.\n*The computer traded properties with the same judgment between person and computer.  \n*Rather than rejecting trades, offer more counter offers. Stop requesting counter offers of ridiculous amounts like $1 when making offers.'}, {'title': 'Good game except for.........UPATE REVIEW', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 1, 46, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Mazzzz114', 'review': 'UPDATE - The issue with the buttons being too large and preventing some game actions has been resolved, the freeze problem has only gotten worse since the last update.  3 of 5 games today I was unable to complete due to game freeze.  This is not something that is acceptable on a free game but should be corrected immediately on a paid app.  While I enjoy the game, the fact that some many minutes and hours are wasted because games cannot be completed is totally unacceptable.  PLEASE FIX. \n\nReally enjoy Monopoly and love the game.  However reading the reviews, I find two issues that have popped up numerous times on other reviews that I am also experiencing also.  Since the last update, I have had several games that just freeze and you are out of luck.  What a waste of one, two hours plus, very frustrating.  The other really big issue is if you purchase the color block of Virginia, St Charles and States,  the Houses and Hotels tab covers Virginia and States and there is no way to add Houses and Hotels.  These are the two main issues that I have run into that others have as well.  Hopefully this will be resolved soon.'}, {'title': "it's fun and convenient, but needs some tweaks", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 20, 5, 46, 26), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'trjnjty', 'review': 'i actually play this more than the physical board game. besides playing with ai, the other modes, (online multiplayer & online with friends), are addicting and exciting. however, i often run into a problem playing online. after trading with someone or buying houses, (normal monopoly play), i\'ll attempt to press the button to end my turn but then it doesn\'t show anymore and it gets stuck. i\'ve tried multiple things to get it back to normal but it ultimately ends up not working and me leaving. it\'s so frustrating because the other players think i\'m taking my time on purpose and i have no way to clearly tell them i\'m stuck. something that could help with is an online chat feature. currently, there is a button that allows you to chat with the other players, but it\'s automated and really limited. words such as "Well Done!" or "Yikes!". i\'m aware there\'s risks creating an online chat where anyone can say anything, but it would help a lot'}, {'title': 'Developers! Stop saying we’re sorry to hear that you feel that way!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 14, 17, 44, 52), 'review': 'Developers stop saying that we are sorry to hear that you feel that way! And that the monopoly chance mechanics are statistically random!  If that were the case, you wouldn’t have a bunch of people complaining about the way the game plays and cheats!\nJust fix the dang game! This is why you have a bunch of what you so call, rage quitters! Because they realize sometime in the beginning of the game, and sometime in the middle of the game,  that this program has already pre-determined who the winner is! And I believe the predetermined winner is at the beginning of the game! It is so obvious the way the dice rolls, you can pretty much guess the outcome!  No one is stupid,  unless you’re five years old! We all know what’s going on, and please don’t play on it like we don’t! So once again, fix the game, or rather unfix the game! Either way, make it right, make it unbiased, make it impartial!\n\nNUFF SAID!!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18260972, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-04T20:55:21Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Wizzo 2 2 Sexy'}, {'title': 'Playability issues :(', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 23, 45, 52), 'review': 'This is a pretty cool imagining of Monopoly, but there are a few things really holding the game back.\n\nFirst, it’s freemium. This is obviously built on that annoying subscription model for premium services. And it’s not free in the first place. No, I don’t want to pay extra for a new board or player piece...it’s just software. Give me a break.\n\nSecond, there are some pretty bad playability issues. One is initiating trades; the user interface makes it impossible to pick multiple things on the left half of the screen because the player boxes cover the properties. Another is that tapping anywhere near the bottom right when trying to select one of your own properties causes the game to think you tapped the “end turn” button, screwing up your turn. Another horrible gameplay thing is the fact that AI players constantly choose “auction” instead of buying properties outright, which is not at all like how people in real life play the game. Not only that, but the AI player that initiated the auction will bid all the way up to the original cost of the property...why on earth would anyone ever do that? Sloppy gameplay for sure.\n\nThe older Monopoly game on the App Store, which I purchased long ago, was quite a bit better. This is obviously aimed at milking people for buying new playing boards and player pieces. Pretty gross cash grab. And the playability stuff should never have made it past QA.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'omfgRyan'}, {'title': 'I love this game but....', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 15, 32, 8), 'review': 'Fix your glitches! I get stuck on certain screens and get kicked off. It’s not my connection nor my internet because I’ve played live games like this a lot and have no issues. But I hate it when I’m winning and all of a sudden I get stuck on a screen and can’t do anything. At the very least allow us to leave a refresh or come right back or something to fix this issue. I always have no choice but to quit to menu! It’s very frustrating! \nYou could allow like a 30 second window if a player doesn’t return and play. Also you should add a chat feature even if it’s preprogrammed with emojis or phrases or something it would be more fun if we could communicate. Time limit or limit the amount of offers/trades in one turn each person could get a maximum of 3 in each turn. This goes for the counter offers also if green tries to trade pink; pink can counter offer that counts as one offer each. They can counter back twice more each and then they either reject or take the trade, and their turn is over.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jl8705'}, {'title': 'The odds are stacked against you', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 27, 17, 44), 'review': 'I dont know why they do this, but they will rig the game in favor of the AI. It got to the point where I can accurately predict my rolls. If I own 80% of the board, they will only land on the other 20% and that happens 100% of the time. The computer makes trades amongst themselves that aren’t fair, they’re only helping each other get sets to knock you out of the game. If you have hotels, the AI WILL NOT LAND ON THEM. Only between your hotels. It’s laughable at how predictable it is. If a 6 will land you on their hotel, you will roll that 6. I had a property of every color in my last game to ensure no one can build, so what happens? Yup, I land on their railroads only. So what do I do? I buy one of their railroads for a ridiculous price. The next turn, the computer acquired a railroad from another computer to re up the price. I know what you are thinking, why wouldn’t they buy that railroad prior so that they had all 4? Nah, only when I take the railroad away are they ALL OF A SUDDEN interested. It’s insanity how much they fix the games in favor of the computer. I have no clue why, we’ve already paid for the game, but they do. It’s painfully obvious. You’re welcome for the money I spent.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Billy McStockmaster'}, {'title': '10 STARS!!!!!!!! DOWNLOAD NOW!!!!!!!!!!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 18, 33, 4), 'review': 'This game is amazing! It is so easy to use, and the 4 dollars that I paid for it was so worth it! This beats any other Monopoly app that I have used BY FAR. It lets you get all the same Monopoly experiences as the board game, such as auctions, but the game is way faster! Also, there are absolutely NO ads! It lets you customize the game rules, too! For example, you can change the number of houses you need to have on a property before you can buy a hotel. My favorite thing about this game is the hassle-free games! Just tap a few buttons, and BOOM! You’re playing Monopoly! There’s no organizing money, or dealing with cards, It’s just SO EASY!!!! I mean, if I could, I would give this game 10 STARS!!!!!! Another great thing about this game is that it saves your games! For example, if you start a game but then you run out of time, you can exit the game and when you open it back up your game is still there. DOWNLOAD THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KittyCatLover0001'}, {'title': 'Great game! One issue only', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 7, 13, 41, 15), 'review': 'This game is awesome and I love that you can choose from different boards and many tokens. The only issue that I have come across is that when you purchase a theme bundle that has tokens included in the bundle, the tokens will not be unlocked unless you go and click on the “Restore Purchases” button in the settings menu. This extra step should not be necessary. The other reason I am writing this four stars is because of the AI players sometimes make a terrible trading deal, where one AI ends up with a full street and ready to build houses, where the other is still needing another street, so basically getting the short end of the stick. Dumb moves like that typically put one AI player way ahead of everybody else early in the game, and I would never make a move like that to help one player start building houses before I would be able to do so as well. Other than that, this is really one of the best, if not the best, board game in the App Store!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312879, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are very saddened to hear that you can't access your content. Firstly, you should be able to restore your purchases by tapping the “Restore Purchases” button from the game’s Settings menu. \r\n\r\nShould the issue persist despite the above instructions, please supply the following:\r\n- Receipt or proof of purchase of the in-app content.\r\n- A screenshot of the game’s Settings menu. The string of characters on the bottom left of that screen must be visible so that we may identify your device on our database. This screenshot should be taken on the device that is missing the in-app purchases.\r\n\r\nWe can then use this information to resolve the problem.\r \n\nSend us an email to help@marmalademail.com\n", 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:24:25Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'hhshh737735hh'}, {'title': 'Love, BUT', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 6, 43, 34), 'review': 'First of all I just wanna start by saying I love how you guys added monopoly I love!!!! The game play atleast 3 times a day especially if I’m on a winning streak I’ll play even more but when it comes to the online player section you guys have to do better for starter. Can you guys notify us when someone else has left the game it’s really difficult when you don’t know either to wait or leave especially if it’s a really good game going on and you’re waiting 30 mins to see if someone’s left the game or just haven’t been on their phone. Also would it be possible if someone were to leave the game could you guys maybe notify that and then put a CPU into the game and notifying that a CPU has been added so there’s no waited time to see if the game frozen it’s been plenty of times where the game is getting really good and suddenly it freezes it just breaks the point of online and makes me want to play with CPU instead cause it’s less time consuming not having to wait on either the game or other people. But overall the game is great just needs a few adjustments to tweak out -Jam', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JamillaK'}, {'title': 'TOO PREDICTABLE TOO GLITCH', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 4, 21, 23, 57), 'review': 'The game is way too predictable, you can pretty much guess how the dice will land based off of how how much much money you have. I find it hard to believe that the dice roll is a true random, it almost feels like the games selects a winner before the game starts, and if you’re the lucky winner, everything plays in your favor. If you’re the loser of the game, you’ll find yourself landing on little to no properties, exhausting all of your money from constantly paying other players rent, paying money to the bank, and or paying to get out of jail for the 6th time (my exact experience) in a roll because you the dice “rolled” you directly to “goto jail” every time, or the community chest sent you to jail or you rolled double 3 times. And then the issue of the glitches, I was simply trying to add hotels to the brown property on the board, and made the mistake of moving the app on the screen just a little, no completely moving or closing the game just a slight shift, and I was completely kicked from the game, making it difficult rejoin the game to end my turn. There are many issues but it’s overall too problematic, I will be seeking Reimbursement.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Crownedonejr'}, {'title': 'Pretty good', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 17, 2, 55, 11), 'review': 'Overall, the app is quite good. I’ve been playing exclusively for the last couple weeks because I tend to be obsessive. However, there are a couple things that need addressed, if possible. The algorithms don’t seem very random. When I am down on money, I usually start landing on Chance & Community Chest an awful lot and each card I get is to owe money somehow—or I’ll land on one of the tax squares. And my opponents won’t land on any of my streets with houses or hotels, but I sure will land on theirs. It’s very hard to win against the computer, even when opponents are set to easy. Not that I want an easy win. But it would be nice to not always lose every single game. The first game I played, I’d set my opponents to medium. I was in jail more than I got to play, so my next game I took them all to easy. Less jail time but still seem to have the crappy end of the stick. Anyway, you should probably check that out.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Hmhkrcb'}, {'title': 'FIX THE AI AND DICE ROLL ALGORITHMS', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 1, 45, 18), 'review': 'This app has some of the most horrible AI in any game I’ve ever played. Absolutely horrible. Anytime I add an AI in the game, whether I’m playing with other real players or just a lobby of computers, the AI is seemingly always rolling favorably. It’s obvious that the computer players cheat via the dice roll. There have been countless games that both me and my brothers have played where the AI player outlasts us because it gets favorable rolls. Even when a whole side of color schemes has been bought up and houses/hotels applied, they always seem to skip over those spaces until the game comes down to human player and AI. This is one of the most frustrating things I’ve ever encountered on a cell phone game because I’m an avid monopoly player and I’m well aware that the dice doesn’t favor anybody at anytime. The math or algorithm behind the dice roll needs to be addressed before I can enjoy this game. COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY unless you have people around you and can play locally. Also the game has horrible issues with it disconnecting, and the AI makes you miss out on deals or rolls. Please fix because the premise of being able to play monopoly digitally is well needed.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Simpdawgg'}, {'title': 'Its A Great Game .. BUT IT FREEZES ‼️‼️', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 1, 29, 53), 'review': "Monopoly a game that many have played and a game many have either been really good at or failed terribly. BUT MY ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT IT FEEZEZES‼️‼️‼️I will be on the app playing for about 2 hours or so . Then out of nowhere it will stop working . Please PLEASE PLEASE FIX THIS .  It's a fun game that is for the most part easy to understand. Its so much easier to play on the app because it counts your money for you and its so neat . Usually the board game there stuff everywhere 😂😂 But I liked it as a child . It's a great way to learn about money for kids. Also managing money and buying properties as well. As much as it's a fun game it is educational as well. I will say tempers can flare in this game as well especially if someone has tons of properties with houses and or hotels on it and others keep landing on them. A many arguments have come from this game. It's fun for all and good teaching game and well. Would recommend😊", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SlimeQueen👑'}, {'title': 'I can’t believe I paid money for this app', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 26, 0, 51, 4), 'review': 'This is probably one of the worse game apps I’ve ever downloaded, let alone played. The dice/computer COMPLETELY controls who controls the board, and thus who wins the game. This game is suppose to allow one’s ability to make good deals determine the player’s ability to monopolize the board. However, MOST of the games I’ve played the dice have been fixed to my disadvantage, and normally allows one or two players to have success. On average, I’m only able to by four, maybe five random properties a game, which doesn’t even allow me to make any trades at all with other opponents! In fact, in one of my most recent games I ONLY LANDED ON THREE UN-PURCHASED PROPERTIES THE ENTIRE GAME, AND WAS OUT OF THE GAME RATHER QUICKLY!!! And this has been consistent throughout most of the games I’ve played. This game, the disadvantage of the dice constantly working against you, have made this game EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING TO PLAY!! I don’t mind losing at all, but I DO mind the dice/computer dictating who’s allows to land on what properties, thus creating a disadvantage to some players. Fix this problem or refund me my money, and I’ll just get rid of the app!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Too many glitches!!!'}, {'title': 'Want to love but soooo glitchy', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 22, 46, 30), 'review': 'We’re in quarantine so we’re playing together in the house, separately. That said. First time we tried to play I went around the board 3 x (2nd player) before landing on a property. Meanwhile player one landing on great stuff. Player three some properties but lots of cards taking money. The chance or community chest before park place, number 3 landed on it 3x in 4 turns and was sent to st Charles. Second game number 3 landed on Baltic pl , which got hoteled early because number 1 got sets and $ every turn. Not kidding and then 2 & 3 landed on his properties most turns. Number 1 would skate past anything coating. Landed in Go to collect $400 almost ever time while number 3 landed on Baltic or the next square for income tax. I’m all for fun, but it’s not balanced. It takes the fun out of it because it’s not fair. And before you say it can happen. I’m 53 and not a poor sport, it doesn’t happen that ‘luckily’. We’re trying a different one of us in number 1 spot today. I’ll update later.  Please please please fix this. It’s an awesome game otherwise.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NorCalgal2'}, {'title': 'Horrible', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 22, 35, 49), 'review': 'First of all, they stopped updating the older version to force people to buy a newer, in my opinion, worse version. Second, the animations are so annoying!  (Frankly, they were annoying in the old version, too) They are in the way so I can’t see the right side of the board. They are too long and they don’t get shorter when you play a quick game. Third, some of the options in the older version aren’t in the newer one like removing those animations, slight of hand, starting allowance, starting properties, etc.  Fourth, it’s pretty obvious whose turn it is, so I don’t need an obnoxious banner across the screen before every freaking turn!  Finally, the main reason I got this version was because I was hoping the trade AI would get better, but not really. It got slightly better when doing a human to computer trade, but the computer to computer trades are pathetic. It’s like they all gang up to get monopolies so the human can’t get one. I haven’t tried online, and I won’t because I can’t in good conscience ask someone to buy this garbage. If I could get a refund, I absolutely would. It’s already deleted and I will never install it again.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LngTmBIIMFan'}, {'title': 'Save your money until updates', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 19, 38, 42), 'review': 'Big Monopoly guy here so obviously I was excited when I saw this was releasing after being off the App Store for so long. But comon guys this cant be the product for a pay to play game (not including the other cosmetic things they want to charge you for in game.....6$ for an additional board common now). I’ve probably attempted 8-9 online multiplayer games and finished 2 of them. Typically I get about 15-25 minutes into the game (fairly invested) and then the game decides to start bugging out. Ie. All the pieces disappear as well as ur dice, make trade button, mortgage button and end turn button. Nothing comes back, no players move it’s done. Any who I give it 2 stars becuse at least the single player is fairly functional. But really for one included board design, and for the lack of in game features, no ability to pan around board no pinch and expand, Can’t leave app and renter. It’s just missing too much between servers and content for a game wanting 4$ off the bat... not to mention they advertised the pre order for over a month. Where’s the readiness?', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12359435, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard towards fixing all of the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.\r", 'modified': '2019-12-12T11:30:32Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BigJase63'}, {'title': 'Weird New Age Monopoly', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 2, 4, 58, 10), 'review': 'I like to listen to inspiring Music, Prog Rock they say, and the compositions are generally Long and Encompassing, Like Transatlantic. The Monopoly game enables me to enjoy the Music whilst I get into sleep zone. Apple just Killed the Monopoly Game I used to play with No warning when I updated to iOS 14.5, and it annoys me, they just have an auto script like: “Apps x,y, and z will just die after this install. Continue?” And maybe provide a credit based on usage when they Crush the work of developers. I am a Long time Mac user, and Apple Shareholder, but they now act like everything that always sucked about Microsoft . Oh, I recommend this Hasbro game, but I enjoyed the EA version also. If you don’t mind wasting time while expanding the Mind, I highly recommend this Game, it’s a bit more complex, and that is a good thing. Makes you have to think a bit, and read real fast as tiny scripts I barely see inform what’s happening for less than a second. Thanks for listening.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bobby_Sul'}, {'title': 'Great game, however needs minor upgrades.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 2, 17, 1, 46), 'review': 'I love this game, and it’s very straight forward and to the point. It lots of fun and the pace of the game keeps it moving quite well. I have zero issues with connection or the game what so ever. My only critique would be to include small rewards for winning the game. I understand that in monopoly, the process of coming out on top and owning the entire board is satisfying enough by itself, however I feel that some reward or banner would be cool to include into the game. For instance, the load in screen could have small ribbons or stats or banner that shows that either this player has won quite a bit and will be a challenge or that they have accomplished certain challenges, such as winning multiple games in a row. Basically bragging rights for those who have managed to rack up many wins or have proved to strategic players. Other than that, this game is great and is a great way to pass the time or have fun with others!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Game & chill'}, {'title': 'They don’t care', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 8, 13, 53), 'review': 'This game has the potential to be GREAT but for 3.99 it is not worth it right now. If I could go back in time I would definitely wait until further updates before purchasing. The online multiplayer is absolute trash!! The game freezes so much and makes it unplayable. I just want to sit back and relax and play the game monopoly that I used to enjoy as a child but instead I have to sit through a game and pray that it doesn’t freeze and glitch. Since the game released I finished 5/30 games via online multiplayer with other players. The people who made this game don’t care because if they did it wouldn’t be as buggy as it is now and they wouldn’t be charging 3.99 or it. It’s 2019 and about to be 2020 in a couple weeks! You would think in this day and age app developers could at least produce a quality product but I guess not. Only thing that matters is the money and they already got mine. DO NOT BE THE NEXT SUCKER. If you don’t plan on playing online I do recommend you get the app though. I would gladly delete this app and never download it again for my 3.99 back but I k ow that will never happen sadly. SMH', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12384566, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are experiencing issues with Monopoly. The team is aware that a lot of players are experiencing freezing issues within the game and are working hard towards fixing them, along with all other known bugs. Our next update will also include plenty of stability and performance fixes and will be released very soon.\r\nThank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience.\r', 'modified': '2019-12-13T16:40:55Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Thebestatthegame'}, {'title': '“Fairness” algorithm pre-determines dice-rolls, ruins game', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 3, 20, 57, 18), 'review': 'Every game is now the same... predictable... and boring as a result. Nice job “fixing” the dice rolls to kill any sense of randomness and true fairness in the game. I quit.\n\nWhen I first got the game, it was enjoyable. However, I started noticing after a recent update that every game would end up the same. I believe the game was programmed to ensure every property set gets divided equally among players, rather than leave it up to the chance roll of the dice.\n\nI’m serious. I can think of maybe 1 out of 30 or so games I’ve played, where someone attained a full property set without auction or trade. EVERY SINGLE GAME is the same, with every property set getting divided out among the players. At that point, why play at all? Just save yourself some time and don’t download or play. And if you insist on playing, then select custom game options where everyone starts out with random properties... at least it saves you time. As for me... you can have this one. Will be trying my hardest to get a refund on any purchases, and will definitely be staying away from the developer and all other digital Hasbro titles.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kravinstructor'}, {'title': 'Horrible Game & Rigged', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 12, 4, 2, 10), 'review': 'The game is completely rigged and it’s not fun to play. Literally all 5 times I have played this game I have dominated two complete sides of the board most with hotels and the AI somehow misses all of them. 23 times in one game, the dice rolled them from Chance to Community Chest to a property they owned. The moment I roll the dice I immediately land one something belonging to them. What’s worse is every time for the first 3-4 times in passing Go AFTER you build houses and/or hotels I immediately land on the Income Tax and my Passing Go money of $200m is gone. \n\nDon’t tell me this game plays fair because I’m not stupid, I’m not a liberal that can’t think for myself and I’m not a completely idiot that I can see the signs that the game is rigged. It’s not random. Don’t believe me? Go play the actual board game with someone in real life instead of this digital garbage and watch for yourself how much more truthful the board game dice are then this fixed digital dice algorithm is. Plain and simple the game is rigged and sets you up to fail so the AI can win. \n\nQuite frankly I want my money back. The gameplay is egregiously manipulative and unfair. It’s not fun at all!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17265561, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com. Regarding your refund, We are unable to process this refund ourselves as Apple does not allow developers to directly handle refunds. Please follow the steps described in the following link to request a refund directly from Apple:\r\nhttps://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT204084\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-13T15:11:49Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ChristianKustomz'}, {'title': 'I love the game, but there are issues', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 23, 42, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ProphetIsaah', 'review': "I love Monopoly and when this game is working it is soooooooooo much fun. But it freezes way too often. If it was simply a free game with in App Purchases, I would not mind at all. But I pay for the fastest fiber optics network around, and even with that connection I can't normally make it through an online game. Every time I try it freezes at some point and I can't continue playing. For a game you have to pay $4 just to play normally, I really think that's a factor that needs to be addressed. But Pass and Play is a fun way to pass time when you're traveling with someone or are waiting on an appointment, and playing the AI can still be a fun experience as well. But please for the price you charge get the online play feature tuned up. Even if you toned down the graphics to decrease the chance of it freezing I'm sure people would still love to play!"}, {'title': 'Online Multiplayer', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 16, 43, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AppsPure', 'review': 'This is a large issue, one that makes me feel like I shouldn’t have paid for the game. \n\nWhen you join “Online Multiplayer”, and you’re playing, you can leave the app and come back however long later, and the game would continue from where you left off. This is the first evidence of AI in an online supposed real person mode. The second bit of evidence is that the AI trades at very specific rates: when you’re paying cash for a property, they want double the property price. If you offer too much lower than double, they’ll permanently reject the offer. Closer to double, and they’ll counter for double. Third bit of evidence is when they offer you a trade, and you decline. If they offered money, they’ll make another offer increasing their offer by 10$. Decline again, they’ll increase by 10$ again. And so on. \n\nAnother issue is that on Multiplayer with friends, if you accidentally leave the app, you’re instantly replaced with an AI and there’s no way for you to rejoin. This makes your phone unusable other than to play the game if you don’t want to erase all the progress you’ve just made on a match with a friend. Please look into this. \n\nTLDR: \n“Online Multiplayer” isn’t online multiplayer. There may be one or two “real” people in every game of 4, but never a full game of 4 real people. We have no way of knowing that right off the bat, this is a large issue. Please correct it as it’s falsely advertising a feature of this game.'}, {'title': 'Online Gameplay Needs Improvements', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 0, 21, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Real Music Genius', 'review': 'I had purchased the old monopoly app, and was glad to see they built a new app with online multiplayer. That being said there have been many difficulties, which leads the online multiplayer to feel like an afterthought. \n\nI would say 3 out of 8 online games finished before running into app errors which caused the game to freeze up. Many improvements can be made to make this experience better.\n\n1) A visible play timer for yourself and each opponent. This would help make sure games move along. If the player runs out the play timer - they are replaced by an AI.\n\n2) Ability to restart the app and still pick up the game you were in the middle of. The game has many moving graphics which makes due for the freezing. I have no other option but to quit the game i already put 40+ minutes into. If a reasonable play timer is included, i can restart the app and reenter the game in time, when this freezing does occur.\n\n3) An in-game chat - this is unfortunate that this already hasn’t been included. If i could communicate with the other players in any way I could get some perspective whether issues are occurring on their end. Plus its more fun then just playing in silence.\n\n4) A place in the settings/pause menu to submit glitches/bugs issues. Best way to make your users feel heard!\n\nPlease think about these issues and implementing some of the above solutions. Otherwise what did your users pay for.'}, {'title': 'Freezes constantly', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 3, 28, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'djcgdsakycsa', 'review': 'The game is great when it works. They’ve done an incredible job with the graphics and the user interface and it is truly amazing to play. Unfortunately, a lot of this is undercut by the fact that the games freeze so frequently that it’s barely worth it to ever begin playing at all. When the game freezes, you can’t do anything but abandon the game, which is especially frustrating when you’ve been playing that game for over an hour. There are a few other improvements I think could be made as well. I wish that you were allowed to restart the app and rejoin the game you were o playing, just like you are able to in the RISK app. This could possibly help with the freezing, but the way it is now, if you close the app you’ll never be able to get back into your game. I also wish that there was some kind of ranking system with different levels of players, again a feature that has been incorporated into the RISK app, but for whatever reason, not this game even though they’re both made by Hasbro.'}, {'title': 'Classic', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 11, 59, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gamby210', 'review': 'I have been playing this game since I was 10 years old. All the rules are correct. Thank you for not trying to fix or improve something that isn’t broken! However I do have one concern. During the game I had an opponent land on a chance and received the “Advance token to Boardwalk” card. Another person rolled and also landed on chance. Then I landed on chance and received the same card as the first guy “Advance token to Boardwalk”. Now when I was a young boy I was told you’re supposed to put your card in another pile and shuffle them when they are all used up. Or you can keep them in rotation and place the card at the bottom. You guys need to fix this. Also I recommend creating more free tokens the options are extremely minimal. Other than that the game is excellent, no glitches, no freezing up. They also have online multiplayer! Thank you!'}, {'title': 'Game algorithms are rigged.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 7, 17, 6, 18), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Erlichada', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for a few months and began to believe that the dice generator was rigged to keep the game progressing even against some pretty amazing odds. If a player gets too powerful too early the game will purposely miss that players monopolies to almost absurd amount. I had six hotels on one side of the board and all other three players missed me for three complete cycles around the board. Still I couldn’t prove this until my last online game where I was able to quickly dominate the left side of the board with three hotels and four houses on each property for the other monopoly. I had just built the four houses and “rolled the dice” I landed on community chest and was asset building repairs. This should have been impossible since there are only two repair cards one for chance and the other for community chest. The community chest repair card had come up earlier and I counted the amount of cards played. It was seven. Since there are only 16 cards in community chest it should not have come up again for at least 8 more cards.  Game is entertaining but certainly not random. It’s rigged.'}, {'title': 'Please read before Buying', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 16, 35, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ShwiftyPickleRick', 'review': 'Note: this is a repost after two updates, after I’ve already put the same thing below months ago. They don’t listen. Don’t waste your money. \n“I love monopoly and I don’t mind paying for this game at all, and the graphics are great. However, every game I’ve played, I’ve never completed. Not even once. It freezes every time, to where it makes me wish I never bought the game. I hope this gets fixed very soon. I’d like to be able to actually complete a game like it’s supposed to be. And also, the dice are predetermined. I’ve mistakenly read the reviews of others here AFTER buying the game and everyone has the same problems. The dice favor a couple players in offline play. Then in the endgame, the AI has all the favor to win. It gains all the perfect dice rolls and I gain all the worst. By the way if you, the developer, respond to this don’t give me “the dice are random” because they’re clearly not when more than enough people have the same problem. Don’t give me that crap. Fix the game. It can be great, but it’s not. Please update and fix these problems many others have.”'}, {'title': 'Not worth the pay', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 27, 15, 8, 18), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '799989', 'review': 'I love monopoly and was very excited when I saw that I could play against other people online. However, the app needs some serious updates. I feel like it’s wayyy behind other apps when it comes to technical issues and being able to connect more with the players you’re playing against. There needs to be some type of button you can click if you need out of the game that way if someone just up and leaves during the game it won’t affect the other players and leave us waiting online for that player to move. The button should automatically take them out of play. I quite honestly would like to be able to personally chat with each of the players but they only provide automatic phrases which becomes a little outdated. If I’m paying for this game I expect to be able to do everything I mentioned and even more. Maybe having some other themed boards that you DONT have to pay more money for or even some type of ranking status. You’re really not getting anything for your money.'}, {'title': 'Not At Random', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 24, 3, 56, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Road Traveler1', 'review': 'Drives me ABSOLUTELY wackers! I’ve played this version several times. So I know what I’m talking about. Drives me NUTS! You’d think a throw of the dice would be completely random. Right? WRONG! This version actually favors certain random players. It’s happened to me more than just a couple of times. For instance: If I’m lucky enough to own all the properties between Mediterranean and Connecticut and have hotels on all the properties certain players will never land on any of those properties with hotels. Landing more frequently instead on the $200 tax area. Or skip the area entirely and land on Jail. Just visiting. Or on the railroad. But if a certain, randomly chosen, player has hotels on just the green properties then most players will land there assuring a fast end to the game. I’m really happy with everything else about this version of the game. That’s why I gave this version 2 stars. But this bug is big enough that I really have to go from 5 stars to only 2. And is going to cause me (and I’m sure others) to stop playing this game and NOT recommend it to others. 😞'}, {'title': 'AI makes single player virtually unplayable', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 9, 21, 8), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dsea21', 'review': 'The game functions fine and I’ve never once had it crash. The graphics and software seemingly make for a fun little app. Those are the positives.\n\nThe negatives? The programming algorithms make this game awful. You can’t help but feel as if all the rolls are pre-determined to help the computer players as much as possible. The AI players will also trade FREQUENTLY and with only each other. Forget ever getting a monopoly on your own through the roll of the dice. It will never happen! The games forces you to use a broken trading system that doesn’t value the freaking namesake of the game: MONOPOLIES. The computer will trade properties to the other AI player all willy-nilly. Absurd trades will be accepted. IF ONLY YOU COULD VETO THEM. Or just turn trading off at least. Institute some freaking rules for this please. No trades until every one has had 10 turns or something. It slows the game down so much when the computer constantly wants to offer you garbage for gold. You will lose and lose and lose if you download this trash. Just avoid it like the plague and save yourself the frustration.'}, {'title': 'Boring version of a great board game.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 16, 16, 34, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Arcreacting', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18053167, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are saddened to hear that you experienced this freezing problem while playing our Monopoly game. We completely understand how frustrating this can be. We are actively listening to our players’ feedback regarding connection instability and game freezes and are doing everything in our power to address them. We desire only the best gaming experience for our players and won’t rest until all known issues are resolved.\r\n\r\nIf you have any questions please send us a message to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. \r\n', 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:51:02Z'}, 'review': 'Succinctly put, this isn’t worth paying money for. The animations are boring, the board graphics just loop the same train movement and sounds over and over, getting very monotonous after just a short time. There’s no cool movement animation like the classic computer versions of the game such as the car driving, the boat cutting through “water”, the animals walking, just regular moving of the pieces. There is a constant problem with reliable connection. Even when I am on my WiFi at home it has trouble staying connected and I’ve had multiple games just freeze and never come back. I’m on an iPhone XR and I’ve got gigabyte WiFi so it’s definitely the game servers. The cards drawn on community chest and chance are usually the same four cards over and over. Monopoly was one of my favorite board games growing up, but the only reason I’m keeping this app is because I was stupid enough to pay real money for it. Don’t waste your money, just google “play monopoly online free” and you’ll have a better experience.'}, {'title': 'DEAL WITH ONLINE RAGE QUITTERS!!!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 3, 35, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'gkss454', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14852345, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We understand how frustrating this is for you, and we are sorry for the bad experience. Just to clarify, if a user does leave the game(Rage quit) our game is programmed to replaced that user with an AI to ensure that all players can end their game. Regardless, we are also planning to add a leaderboard and reward system so that players can feel motivated in finishing a match. Again, we are sorry for the trouble, and please if you have more questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for direct assistance. ', 'modified': '2020-04-23T04:18:18Z'}, 'review': 'So frustrating to play this game for an hour or two in online play only to have someone get “disconnected” (more likely rage quit) when they realize they’re probably not going to win. Monopoly is a merciless game. Sometimes it takes skill and other times it takes pure luck to win. I can’t even say how many times I’ve played this game when someone, who clearly just lost their advantage in the game by landing on someone else’s developed property, suddenly gets “disconnected” and the whole game is screwed for everyone else still playing. There’s a timer in the game that prompts you to do something by buzzing your phone if you fail to respond. In my opinion, that timer should be set to automatically take action on your part if you let it run out, regardless what your actual status is. Maybe that means auto-selling/mortgaging your properties. Maybe you go bankrupt. Maybe the game auto-rolls the dice for you. In any event, it’s completely unfair to the remaining players to indefinitely hold up the entire game because one player rage quit. Fix that issue and I give this game five stars all day!'}, {'title': 'More than just 4 players', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 13, 15, 45, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Blvck Cupid', 'review': 'Honestly I love the game. The themed boards are so beautiful. The attention to detail for the pieces are perfect. The animation throughout the game is outstanding. I play it all the time at work and at home. I’ve put my coworkers and a bunch of friends on the app as well so I can have friends to play it with, but since it only allows 4 players some of them get left out. I feel like there should be an option to allow more than just 4 players. Like when you setting the game up, there’s a section asking how many players and it give the option of about 4-6 players especially when your playing with friends. Now just regular online can stay the same because too many players can cause the game to drag out but if playing with friends then 4-6 players at least. That would be greatly appreciated.'}, {'title': 'iPhone x and up have problems', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 22, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Brian7108', 'review': 'I love the game but I can never get through a full game without It glitching. Whenever my finger touches the home swipe up bar on my iPhone XR it reconnects but wen it does this it could be my turn and it will skip my turn or sometimes when I’m making a deal before I can finish the deal I’ll touch the  swipe up bar by accident trying to press one of the buttons that are so close to the bottom of my screen and it starts to reconnect and when it reconnects I’ll be stuck looking at the top of the monopoly board and it’s not froze but it’s also waiting on me to complete the deal but no buttons appear for me to press so I’m just sitting there looking at the board and nothing happens I’ve literally waited for 6 minutes once nothing happen. It’s weird and hard to explain. And it’s all because your buttons are so close to the home swipe bar I press it and when it reconnects I have problems with the game please do something to fix this plzz !!!!'}, {'title': 'Glad to see it return', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 20, 8, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Qeenhelene', 'review': 'I still have an old version of the game, no longer a available but I still play it. This is like an upgraded version. I’ve never tried to play on line but I will. I like being able to play against the computer at different player levels, the old one had that too. I love that I can still customize but I feel like there are fewer options to customize. I don’t like all of the options but being able to play shortened games is an absolute plus. I wish I could still choose the money we start with The looks sharp and the tokens move quickly. I don’t like the ALL PROPERTY IS UP FOR AUCTION, even if I land on it everyone gets a shot at trying to out bid me. That should only occur if do not wish to. By the property. Overall I like it, I will play it, I will learn the other elements of the game and I will recommend it. Monopoly has helped through long lines, airport delays and sleepless nights. Thank you'}, {'title': 'Great game but needs a few improvements', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 3, 42, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Apollo705', 'review': 'I’ve always loved monopoly and for a couple bucks the app is worth it if you’re a fan of the game. However, I do have a few critiques. I think the developers should add some unlock able content that you don’t have to pay extra for. I feel it would give more incentive for people to play the game. On another note it would be beneficial to add a friends list feature so you can play with others you meet online as well as people you know in person. Also I’m not a fan of the chat situation. I feel like an open chat forum would allow for more dexterity in the game. Instead you can only choose from pre-selected text which I find annoying at times because in real life it’s easier to make negotiations with others if you can say exactly what you what/mean. Thank you to everyone who took the time and effort to read my review. I hope it helps.'}, {'title': 'Could use improvement..', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 3, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chichirrinis', 'review': 'I downloaded this game and made three of my friends purchase it as well, specially during these rough times...  Its a lot of fun but i just want to leave my feedback on some particular areas. My friends and I agreed that it would make it a lot of fun if there was some type of chat within the game, even if its just an emoji chat for when certain actions occur during the game. Also, there should be some sort of stats chart or perfomance chart at the end or during a persons overall experience. Winning is fun but being able to show it off is funner. Lastly, why make a new board and the metal figures so expensive? im sure some people might have purchased them but you guys could be making bigger profits if those prices were cheaper, perhaps 3 figures for a dollar... and expand the number of figures avail. Just a thought and a reflection of the opinion of my friends. Overall its a very fun game !'}, {'title': 'Cool but the CPU seems broken', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 15, 0, 1, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jay Grayer', 'review': 'As someone who’s never played Monopoly, I bought this game in hopes that it would help me understand the game’s mechanics. Did a good job helping me get the basics but the game is not really all that fun to play. \n\nThis game obviously has fixed outcomes and the winners are already decided before you ever take your first turn. There doesn’t appear to be any randomness or chance associated with turns and you end up just feeling cheated by the cpu. I’ll say out of the 5 games I played about 90% (not an exaggeration) of the times I passed GO, I would land on the TAXES square basically canceling out $200 I just got. However the CPU players managed to avoid this square almost every time. Same goes for the CHANCE and COMMUNITY CHEST squares. When I landed on them 80% (again not an exaggeration) of the time it would be a negative impact on me. HOWEVER when the CPU landed on these it would be almost ALWAYS positive. \n\nI let my wife play a round and she noticed it too. This just makes the game feel broken and cheap. When an aspect of a game is NOTICEABLY fixed against the player when it’s supposed to be based on chance, it creates a disconnect from the entire game and kills any fun associated. \n\nI feel like I payed for a beginner level tutorial of Monopoly and not a game itself. Hopefully this will be addressed in an update. There is an option to turn these squares off but it seems more like a bandaid than a solution.'}, {'title': 'Glitchy', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 0, 13, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Steve Quarcini', 'review': 'I love this game when playing against the AI. However in online multiplayer mode, it is awful. Not sure if it is due to poor connections or someone’s game being interrupted by a phone call or notifications but sometimes other players just stop playing and the game freezes. Today I was in a game for over an hour when this happened. This is soooo very frustrating. It is a waste of everyone’s time. There should be a time limit. If the “End Turn” button isn’t pressed within 5 seconds it should automatically go to the next player. If there is a period with no action for 10 seconds the AI should take over for that turn. I’m sorry but this is the only way to make the online version playable. Once this gets fixed, I’ll change my review and my rating to 5 stars. ALSO, please make an “Extra hard” AI level. Not that I win every time but it would be nice to get a real challenge once in a while. Lol...\nThanks for the great game! I’ve literally played hundreds of games in the last couple months!'}, {'title': 'Game is broken', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 4, 31, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'barkgarrt', 'review': 'Online play is incredibly unreliable. I’ve managed to get through a single game out of about ten. The other nine games I had to quit because of game-breaking glitches. Players get randomly booted, and the game AI doesn’t take over if the player is booted during negotiations or when they have to mortgage properties to pay rent. Then the game just freezes. This problem is compounded by the fact that you can’t save and rejoin games – if you have to quit due to a glitch, that game is lost forever. Absolutely inexcusable. They said they were working on “stability improvements” back in December but it’s now April and the online modes are virtually unplayable. \n\nThat’s the reason for my 1-star review. Here are other problems that I don’t view as game-breaking: (1) It’s not possible to save a game (see above); (2) There is no chat feature for playing online; (3) Even accidentally swiping down into my Notification Center quits the app, meaning you’re briefly replaced by the AI — this would be a more minor issue if the AI replacements didn’t cause online games to crash so often.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 1, 35, 57), 'review': 'This game is really great in a lot of ways. Very clean visually, smooth gameplay and the AI is smart enough to give you a real challenge. However, this game has one major flaw that makes it entirely not worth buying until fixed. While playing single player mode offline, I’ve noticed roughly 1 in every 2 games, usually towards the end once all the properties have been bought, the AI will move and at the end of the turn it will just stop with the camera focused on the character leaving you unable to continue. Oddly, you can exit out, close the app, renter, hit resume game and the frozen character will go again. Unfortunately, after the character moves, once again, frozen. There you are, hopelessly frustrated, finally about to take down Cat, Dog and Ship. Nope, all you can do is start a new game and hope that one doesn’t freeze. Gave 4/5 cause other than that, it’s great.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bruins009', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Warning...'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 12, 5, 46), 'review': 'There is no chance in this game while playing the computer. The AI had the 4 railroads and two properties. I owned everything else. I had houses and hotels on almost everything I owned. The AI requested the same trade to complete his set every turn. I rejected every time. This went on for an hour even though I had development on almost every single property. Yes, I owned everything and the game went on for an hour. No exaggeration. I went to jail every time I crossed the space. Otherwise, I landed on his rail road almost every time. Every one of his rolls either landed on a chance, a chest, his rail road, or one of his other 2 owned properties. The game refused to let me win unless I took his trade. The player should not be penalized for strategy. The game ended when he went to jail and couldn’t pay $50 to get out. \n\nYou can’t even get through an online game without it freezing. That’s frustrating considering Monopoly takes a lot of time. I can think of 1,000 better ways to spend $4. If I could get a refund I would love that. It’s a shame because this is a great game.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jakelautt', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Desperately Needs Improvement'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 16, 21, 22), 'review': 'The roll of the dice isn’t random and can be predictable sadly making this game feel as if it’s manipulating me. If you don’t make the moves the game wants you to it will land you on high rent properties or immediately take away your go money with the income tax. If you get too big too fast it cuts you down quickly. After being the first to put 4 houses on properties I almost automatically land on community chest and get hit with paying for each house always causing me to have to remove them or mortgage property. The chances of that happening consecutively and consistently are impossible. The chances of building property and people landing in between them consistently and almost always going to jail consecutively for multiple rolls saving them from bankruptcy is almost impossible at random. Terrible algorithm feels like it is trying to defeat the purpose of the game which is to gain as much wealth as possible. You almost always have to play as if to keep everyone else on the same level as yourself to keep afloat and then the game lasts way too long.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '8554073', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not random at all'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 3, 23, 29), 'review': 'Our family bought this game for long-distance quarantine fun and it’s been overall really great. However, on several occasions someone will get replaced by an AI accidentally (like if you get a low battery notification) and the whole game gets frozen. There’s no way to move on, and no way for the person to continue/end their turn. We just had it happen after sinking at least an hour into a game and it’s infuriating because you can’t finish the game!! DEFINITELY needs a fix. \n\nOther suggestions: \n1) if someone gets kicked out of a game (sometimes happens in addition to the above scenario), player should be able to rejoin the game. This means that the game number also needs to be saved somewhere (probably in settings) because you usually forget what it was once you’re an hour into a game.\n2) a chat function between players would be fun! But get the basics cleaned up first before adding more thrills.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'merestan', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but MANY multiplayer glitches'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 20, 13, 49), 'review': 'I don’t do reviews but let me start off by saying I have three monopoly boards (classic) and monopoly on the switch. The switch is a bit clunky, however, this mobile version is pretty well polished even when playing with some friends. I hope that they continuously update the game with more themes and what not. \n\nMy ONLY complaint, if you play against the AI don’t expect to win. I’ve won once because AI don’t get lucky and this is on EASY AI. You can have an entire side of the board and they will almost always land on a spot that is either safe or really low value. If you own the blue and brown by GO for example, they will often times go to JAIL therefore delaying coming close to those properties. Anytime they land on a CHANCE or COMMUNITY CHEST, they almost always get positive cards. They continuously try to trade you if they need a card so that can be tweaked. \n\nMy advice, don’t play with AI at all.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Le Big Crayola', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Awesome!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17242338, 'body': "We most certainly do no such thing. We are extremely proud of Monopoly's 96,982 5-star ratings, and poured a lot of love into the game as it was developed, making sure to stay true to the its core values and always with the players' enjoyment in mind. \n\nMonopoly's rating greatly validates our efforts and shows that we were successful in creating a fun, enjoyable experience for our players.\n\nBeing a pure chance game, it is possible that players sometimes experience extreme bouts of bad or good luck - this is simply part of the Monopoly experience. We would never intentionally rig Monopoly to give specific players unfair advantages over others as that would go against our values. Our main goal as developers is to create fun game experiences, and there is nothing less fun than a game that is rigged.\n\nHowever, if you see a specific situation happening over and over again, then that might indicate a problem. So I would kindly ask you to get in touch with us with further details about the situation so that we may analyze it further.\n\n-help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-12T15:33:31Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 5, 10, 13, 46), 'review': 'I’ve bought the app on two different phones and queued up in the same game. I then go around the board getting color sets , I make a trade with myself to where I basically screw over my dummy and make trades to take all “their” (my dummy) colors and then put houses and hotels. Somehow I always land on the community chest right after and am addressed to repairs I then lose all of my properties without houses and the houses I have left are close to zip. Not only has this situation happened more than once but it seems you can tell who’s going to win the game by the first 3 rolls of the dice you should be ashamed to have this game on the market it is in fact a rigged game no matter what the developers say, they’d tell you the sky is going to turn purple tomorrow if it would sway you to buy their product . I’d ask for a refund but it was only like 3-4 bucks and that’s where the scam sets in, they charge a low price so you won’t want to go through the hassle of getting your 4 bucks back it would just be simply more convenient to uninstall and never play again.', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'YoUr_AvErAgE_cOnSuMeR', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Rigged'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 9, 27, 17), 'review': 'I love monopoly and was pretty excited to discover the app version of the game! It’s nice and super convenient when you play with AI but as soon as you try to play online or even with your friends the app will crash! This happens 80% of the time when I play online. Another thing is that I would try to “refresh” or close the app and return but it won’t allow you back into your original game! That’s ridiculous because first you can’t control the app crashing so basically as soon as your game crashes, that’s the end of it. Please check your reviews and make some adjustments allowing users to return to their original game after being briefly AFK. I’ve also noticed that the AI always end up winning on the hard level despite how many hotels I have and it has much to do with them having perfect rolls or they’re always going to jail until I land on other people’s hotels. Love the game but it’s frustrating when you do well and end up losing or crashing the game.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'coochpapa', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Needs improvement'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 7, 1, 19, 57), 'review': 'I love this game. The issue starts when I... try to PLAY it. You can’t do something as little as pull down your notification screen to check your battery percentage without the CPU taking over for you for your turn. Oh- that reminds me- the same thing happens when you get a low battery notification. Real smart. This game- when it rarely works- is amazing. It’s like monopoly but you don’t have to deal with the board aspect and assigning a person to be the banker. However, after countless nights where it would just FREEZE up for no reason or one of the players couldn’t rejoin the game (they were kicked offline for checking their notifications), I’ve decided this app deserves a big ol’ 1 star. If you’re going to charge people for an app that doesn’t work- your company has serious issues. Maybe this is a bit of a conspiracy but maybe they’re doing this so people go out and buy the actual monopoly game? Just a thought. Next time hasbro makes an app, they should hire 21st century tech people to design it instead of boomers.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Keagan Randall', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Awesome game, bugs are terrible'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 16, 7, 5), 'review': 'Hasbro makes great games, but needs better developers for a mobile app. This classic game looks great on the mobile app. The graphics are well done and game flow is really great (love the Quick Game option) however much work needs to be done with your servers and backend work. Too many times during a game the app freezes and loses connection. When you go out of the app and back into after this happens, your game is gone, and for a game like Monopoly where you invest quite a bit of time playing just one game that really is upsetting. Please fix this immediately! Especially since you are charging your users $3.99 just to download the game. Most multiplayer games these days are free with in app purchases. You should consult with Zynga or hire some of their guys. \n\nOne more tidbit of advice to keep players engaged, have a leaderboard and stats kept for each player. You can partner with plenty of companies who can do this for you if you don’t want to invest into it.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TuffTexan', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Fantastic Graphics, but horrible backend work'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 10, 15, 11, 24), 'review': 'I had the old version of the game and loved it. The new version is cool but the background cars and traffic is a bit distracting but if I turn the volume just right it’s perfect so I’m okay with it. I liked in the old game the stats. I like now how u can stop deals when u had one offer and don’t want to sell a property that turn. I’m cool with no communication between players, or. Good game is cool whatever. Every time I play online with others the game ends or freezes. I haven’t completed one and got discouraged to do so so hopefully the new update reflects improvement to this. Otherwise I just won’t play online which is fine but it would be nice to play humans, as the computer is not a person. I love playing monopoly it’s my favorite game. I will be purchasing the 30$ infinity package so I can have everything. I don’t pay for games ever but Monopoly I will buy it all and not blink an eye.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'birkey baby', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Old version'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 19, 3, 5, 3), 'review': 'I love this game, but recently in this last game, I was playing custom rules, four players, two hard, one easy one me. Two were bankrupt and I got all of their property and fully populated them with houses and hotels. But every time this other player, who has three hotels, lands in a place where they have to pay me a thousand dollars or so,they collect all their money through mortgages and selling their hotels, but then the setting button disappears and they don’t give me the money. The bored is still moving, but I’m not getting paid. I’ve tried closing the game and it either lets them redo their move so I don’t get payed, or they stay there and keep going but I still don’t get payed. It wouldn’t have bankrupted them, but it would give me over 3000 dollars? Maybe that’s why? I don’t know. But it’s very annoying. Especially since I play this game to calm down!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ceepe@ches', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Freezes!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 5, 20, 57), 'review': 'While this is the best looking version of the game I’ve played, there’s too many annoyances ruining the fun. First off, they’re too greedy. Everything extra costs money, there is nothing you can win through playing the game. Secondly, you can’t rename the generic "Firstbanker" name with your own. They let you fill out a name box, but it always reverts to the generic name. Thirdly, you can’t choose your own color, they randomize it every game. This causes problems as you lose track of which player is which color after a lot of games. Fourthly, you can’t invite friends to a multiplayer game, so forget about your friends ever wanting to buy this game. Fifthly, as pointed out by other reviewers, this game always favors one of the AIs over you. Having played many games and kept track of cards drawn (I like figuring out how games like this cheat) it is clear that one AI will have all the "luck" while you keep losing money due to "bad luck."\n\nThis game, while looking great, stinks of corporate/business managers oversite by people who don’t understand games at all.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'palenoue', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not recommended'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 17, 22, 10, 13), 'review': 'I thought this would be a great game for long rides or just in general since I love the actual board game but after paying the game and playing round after round against the AI characters you will find the developers clearly have it rigged in the AI’s favor no matter how many properties, houses, or hotels you own not to mention the vast amount on money you MAY end up with you’ll still end up bankrupt no matter what skill level you play on. The dice is clearly not randomized like the developers “claim” it is. This game is extremely disappointing and I had high hopes of this being a fun app to have on the phone but sadly it wasn’t and was a waste of my time and money this review is making me give it at least one star but my real rating is no stars. If your thinking of wasting money on this app I would seriously go through the comments and read the many others like this one and save yourself the frustration and disappointment of this game. Maybe it still has glitches or bugs but I was extremely unsatisfied with this game.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'N1cknam30003', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Rigged!!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 23, 12, 20), 'review': 'The game is nice, I loved Monopoly since I was a Kid. I bought the season pass as I really like monopoly. However as soon as I bought it the game hasn’t let me finish a game with the AI. I start playing with 3 AI, and every time there is only one left and it lands on my property and it has to sell or mortgage his properties to pay me, the game gets stuck. I mean the icon of the AI fades and disappears and the animations of his houses or hotels reducing just stops and it doesn’t continue.\n\nI also have the monopoly app from EA games, I tried searching for it on my iPhone, but it appears to have been taken away from the AppStore (I guess because now Marmalade Studios has the rights, luckily I still have it on my iPad). On the other hand, now that I have compared both studios, the animations were way better on the EA games app. However, the game looks much more beautiful with Marmalade studios, mostly because of the city that is in the middle.\n\nI would give this game 5 stars, but for some reason I am not able to finish the game. Before I bought the Season Pass everything was fine, I was able to complete the game, but after I bought it, the game gets stuck. And that is very upsetting.\n\nI hope the developers manage to fix this or at least let me know how can I fix it. I don’t know if this has happened to anybody else?\n\nCheers and keep it up! Hope the next update makes everything better!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Eddr29', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Doesn’t allow to finish the game ... after Season Pass'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 21, 45, 19), 'review': 'I love monopoly for lots of reasons- so purchasing this was a no brained: I’ve just noticed a few flaws in it that I think other people may have also pointed out. I would love to be able to chat with other players when in the interactive mode. It would help with trades, etc. \nI also think there is a flaw with the computer mode vs human. I notice no matter how often I play it, the computer consistently misses my properties and lands on the chance cards or other options. Yes, they will land on my property if you give it enough time, but those computerized dice are rigged. The computer has the odds in its favor to land on go or free parking as well when you play in the money mode. It’s frustrating. Thanks for listening!  \nOk I literally just played a round of monopoly and it sent me to jail 5 times in a row before I finally reached go. What are the odds that would happen?! This game is completely rigged against the human player!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Me34566', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun with a few flaws'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 14, 19, 0, 5), 'review': 'In general it’s a great app, seems well made, and hasn’t crashed for me. It also looks very nice. However, it falls short of following the board game rules in theee ways: 1. If you need to mortgage something in the middle of a turn, the game picks properties, and there is no way you can pick other properties. 2. The classic rules allow you to initiate trades or buy houses/hotels at any time, even if it’s not your turn. 3. When playing in real life, you can hide your money so other players don’t know how much you have. This means they have no idea how close you are to bankruptcy, as well as other advantages. There could be a setting you press while playing that tells the game AI to ignore how much money you have when it’s deciding if it wants to offer you trades, or buy houses/hotels. And if the game AI wants to, it could not display its money on the screen, so you can’t see its either.\n\nOther that, good job.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JJR512', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Doesn’t quite follow the actual game rules'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 11, 45, 21), 'review': 'The creators of this game should be ashamed of themselves. How is it that a random number generator always has me get a 10 for the first dice roll? Very odd right? Every game a 10 first roll with out fail. Also no matter how easy, medium, or hard the computer is set to the random community and chance cards 9 time out of 10 will allocate money to the simulations and a negative occurrence toward the human player. \nIf your only plan is to play this with all human beings it might change equally to all for negative outcomes so at least it is evened out but everything in the app costs money for an app that costs money to begin with! \nIf you want more than 5 monopoly game pieces then you have to pay 1.99 for each additional monopoly game piece ie. Cannon, snowman, chariot. While a couple pieces are not original all original pieces should be free and not Shanghai’d in there for $2 a piece to try and kidney shot peoples wallets for every tiny little thing. You could spend $50 in game easily to make it the full game it should be. That to me is outrageously greedy for an already paid app.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '(HeavensFury)', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Such a joke'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 22, 22, 38, 57), 'review': 'This game is perfect, however it’s just missing a few key components. I’ve seen lots of other reviews saying this and I 100% agree with them: there needs to be a chat log or some way of communicating with other players. There also needs to be a friends list where you can add someone if you like them, because as of now you just lose that person forever. There also needs to be (this is the feature I want the most) to be a statistics option where you can see how many wins and losses, minutes played etc. and lastly, there should be a clock on the top of the screen, because when you exit this app, maybe to check the time, it disconnects you from the game entirely. Other than that, it’s good to go, but even then it’s still very sad, knowing these things are missing. I hope the developers are working on this', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Zarganoy', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Needs a few tweaks, badly'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 10, 15, 9, 43), 'review': 'I love the game, the graphics, functionality, etc. I love to play during downtime as a stress reliever. I play as a single player with two computer opponents set at medium difficulty. After a while I began to feel that I was landing on taxes and getting the building assessment card more than my share. So, not to be paranoid, I tracked it for all three players over 10 games. The result is that I am not paranoid, but the game is clearly partial to the computer players. Over 10 games I landed on taxes or was assessed for houses and hotels 30 times, while my opponents received it 19 & 21 times respectively. Here is the shocker; I got the Houses & Hotels assessment card seven times while my opponents only got it twice each over ten games! In one long game I got the card three times while neither of them ever got one. I still love the game, and win a majority of the time, but I have to wonder if the algorithm is favoring the computer players. Just saying.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BigJer in SLC', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Seems partial'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 1, 50, 59), 'review': 'It’s a nice spin on the original monopoly. However, every game I’ve played online with friends it has disconnected does not matter if all players are on WiFi or not. One or all of players in the game will get disconnected, eventually. If it is not getting disconnected, it glitches. As far as the actual game goes. There are pretty cool custom features. There is one feature that when someone runs out of money there is a suggestive box that recommends properties you should mortgage in order to gain enough money to purchase whatever you may need it for. I think they should add this same feature for the trading of properties because sometimes people make some ridiculous offers. It may just be the player or that people just don’t understand trading in general. Either way, it would be a good feature to add. As great as the game, it is not worth four dollars to never have finished a game.  Do NOT waste your money.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ohn0', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I have yet to finish a game.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15214494, 'body': "Thank you for your review! I am happy to tell you that we are working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. This feature will be available very soon! Don't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more ideas about what you would like to see in our game!", 'modified': '2020-05-10T00:04:18Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 14, 7, 56), 'review': 'I LOVE monopoly and love this app - the only downfall for me is the lack of the ability to save a game, especially when I’m playing a friend. Every time I go to play my sister (who lives in Australia and I live in Maryland, USA - time difference is 16 hours!) I have to start up a brand new game where we both have to be playing each other at the same time and that really difficult to do. If I leave for an hour and come back, the game is completely gone and I have to restart a whole new game with her. Suffice to say, we haven’t been playing much as it’s just such a hassle. I’d like to suggest an update with a save-the-game feature? Does anyone remember Monopoly: Here & Now?? Now THAT app worked right. \n\nAside from that, I love everything about this app - and I love that I can customize the rules! \n\nI’ll give it a 5 out of 5 if you guys do that update!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Taybay66', 'title': 'Would Like to Save My Games'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 15, 42, 55), 'review': 'As of now, the only available theme is the Winter Valley one so hopefully this gets changed with new themes or updated with the current one. (It is also an issue in regular but not as obvious).\n\nCurrently there is no chance or community chest draw pile, it is a random number generator for the outcome. This makes it completely impossible to think you are safe from the General Repairs cards as they can just show up. As stated, this is exacerbated on the Winter theme because there are really around 5 variants of chance and community chest cards. I have literally drawn 3 General Repairs cards from chance IN A ROW with no other player landing on chance. This is incredibly lazy design on the part of Marmalade as it takes <10 minutes to design new card events with the same values as standard monopoly but with a winter theme. I hope this gets fixed soon, otherwise buying the winter theme was a waste of $6. \n\nOverall game is good, DO NOT BUY THEMES YET.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GDKEDMDKSIDJEND', 'title': 'The Issue with Themes'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 1, 21, 3, 54), 'review': 'Monopoly is my all-time favorite so I spent a few dollars to get this but with where the app is at currently and of course the time commitment of playing a game, I don’t think it’s worth it to play. \n\nSome less than ideal things are to be expected with a board game made into an app, but there are a few things that seem like unnecessary issues. Mainly being that even when you play online to try and play against real players, they almost always put bots (ai) in as at least one of the opponents. I normally play on random number of players and for some reason they make it 4 and put a bot in. Why not just find 1 or 2 real players or even wait a little longer and find 3 to make a 4 player game of all real people?\nI’ve played about 25 entire games online in multiplayer and believe I have only got all real people once and the game failed and glitched well into that game.\n\nPlaying the single player option gets old pretty fast so I would rely on online multiplayer to make this game fun and worth it.\nJust before writing this review, I selected a 3 player game (myself and 2 others) and finally got all real people which was really fun but an hour into it, the game froze and of course all progress was lost. No attempted fixes worked such as just letting the turn expire or pulling down on the phone for notifications to make the game do the reconnecting thing. It just kept glitching out.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pmb08', 'title': 'Not really worth it to me'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 13, 18, 46), 'review': 'Some fun, but disappointing.  It would be easy to have things like luxury tax (wrong amount) income tax (10% option) and Chance, Community Chest cards, & pay or collect from every player functions, all match the real game, but a lot of them don’t. While the dice rolls may not be “crooked”, they are certainly not random.  Every time I start first against 3 AI players, my first roll is a 4.  My next roll takes me to a property an AI player owns.  It’s happened 6 straight times.  Now, I just immediately quit any game I start first.  Also, the AI players always land on more unowned properties than I do.  After dozens of games, it’s obvious.  Sometimes they have 4, 5, as many as 7 properties before I have 1.  I have never had a game where I had the most opportunities to buy unowned properties, and only once had more than one of the AI players.  I suspect that they need to change whatever they use to start the random number generator.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bob unique nickname', 'title': 'Should be better'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 15, 6, 32, 53), 'review': '1) I love this game and really enjoy playing with friends online though I encounter games where it freezes and we can no longer continue the game.\n\n2) Another thing when you swipe out during an online game to respond to a txt , or answer a phone call, the game kicks you from the match and replaces you with a bot. When playing with friends , we then have to start a new game in order to keep us all included. \n\n3) Theres a glitch when a player attempts to make a deal before going bankrupt no longer allows other players to make a deals, buy houses/hotels, or manage/mortgage property. \n\n4) the random generator used to determine the dice roll for Ai players, is obviously not random. Their dice rolls are not entirely random at all and this is sometimes frustrating. It seems as if the purpose of this is to keep the game going a particular way, though I find it very unfavorable. \n\n If these minor yet very frequent issues were fixed It would be greatly appreciated. These bugs and glitches happen almost every game. If they were to be resolved, this would then be a 5 star game! I bought themes and tokens as my friend and I really like to play against each other so I really enjoy this game, just these setbacks can be frustrating and push us towards other games when they do occur , as they do pretty often. \n( my last two games I were unable to completed due to progression blocking bugs/glitches midway through the matches.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'iamGregLouis', 'title': 'Bugs and glitches! But fun game'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 8, 10, 22), 'review': 'App is all good until it randomly crashes. Especially frustrating when the game is reaching its final minutes. Either figure this out or create a system that prevents an hour+ of lost time from being entirely in vain. Very disappointed. Shame on you “Hasbro”. Shame on you. $5 for this joke of a system. Not to mention the even more time consuming and monotonous board game version that costs $30 and up retail. \n\nAlso, bots have been playing in multiplayer games when it should (obviously) be an actual person. Its happened to me 4 times within the past 2 days. This is a huge issue that needs to be fixed. Automated trades and algorithmic moves made far to quick for any human being to do.(Literal microsecond trades and moves.) If this game were free it’d be a different story but a huge conglomerate such as “Hasbro” should be very willing and able to fix something like this. Get better coders and software engineers or make the game free, so people like me will be okay with these huge infrastructural downfalls. \n\nGG', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Anthony(MadAtHasbro)', 'title': 'Game just crashes all the time'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 23, 40, 1), 'review': 'I love the game Monopoly and this app has basically taken my life over since quarantine however , there’s a few things you guys need to fix .. \nI hate the fact that if we view a text from the drop down screen it screws up the connection in the game . Just exiting for 1 sec ruins the experience it would be nice to just come back with out having to wait until your next turn to resume connection to the game.\nAnother thing is if one player doesn’t end turn or loses connection I’m guessing the game freezes and ruins the whole game for everyone that is VERY annoying especially if the game was getting good or almost to the very end. \nI seen someone post a review saying to add a small chat so we can chat amongst other players I don’t know how I would feel about that because we don’t know each other personally but it could be good or bad. I guess we’ll have to give it a test run.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bri The barb', 'title': 'I Love it , however ......'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 17, 19, 24), 'review': 'This is a terrible design. I can’t for the life of me figure out why they would make this game require an internet connection to play. In the description for the game it even SAYS you can play offline but we just can’t. My girlfriend, my son, and I were all hoping we could take this camping with us on our iPads and we figured this is something we could play out there where we don’t have any service but as it turns out, the game won’t load anything until we drive ten miles into town to get service. This is ridiculous and sad that companies need to harvest our data every second they can or they won’t even let us use the products that we PAID for. This is not the future of technology I saw when I was younger. If they fix this issue, I will give it 5 stars but otherwise this is a game breaking feature and I hope so much that it gets removed. If I buy the game board I can just play without giving anyone my info, why can’t this be the same?', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Morgan Germani', 'title': 'Requires internet connection every time you play'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 21, 31, 21), 'review': 'The game is beautiful, smooth, gameplay is very enjoyable. You can do everything you want including custom options for gameplay like double money for landing on go, free parking rule.. ect. There are beautiful tiles with cool animations. The board is animated nicely I was hoping for more from the animated board. It’d be cool if the building didn’t pop up until you bought them or if you could visualize more a unique property that you are buying as you are buying it to make things more exciting. Playing dedicated online players is most enjoyable for me. I appreciate trading against humans rather than computers. I’d appreciate a 10 second time limit to end your turn when someone is idol and playing online players. Unfortunately when playing people online you have those games where you get stuck and someone doesn’t end their turn.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GriffeyB19', 'title': 'Good rendition of monopoly'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 18, 36, 18), 'review': 'Classic board game and almost just as fun as playing in person. One BIG drawback that the developers MUST fix, is the ability for a losing player to trade away all there property to a random player before paying their debt after landing on your property. For example ( and this happens often): I just had a player land on my property with 3 houses on it and he had to pay up big time. If he would have paid, he would have been on his last leg and most likely out of the game, with just a bunch of mortgaged properties. Im assuming since I did not accept his one-sided trade offers throughout the game, he didn’t want me to win. So, before paying me a dime, he immediately traded away all of his properties and money to another player before paying me a dime. Some random player got everything for nothing and I got absolutely nothing even though he landed on MY property. You spend way too much time playing this game for something like this to happen.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'C-lo 4', 'title': 'Fun but major problems'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 9, 11, 6), 'review': 'I know there are other reviews about this but this game has a serious issue with crashes. I agree with the other reviews that this game is super fun, and I like playing it...except that it crashes half the time (and that is not an exaggeration). I saw another review suggesting some way to alert other players when the game is stalling on their turn, which sounds like an awesome idea to me. It would also be WONDERFUL if I could enter the taskbar of my phone to change the music I am listening to or change the brightness on my phone without getting disconnected from the game.\n\nAlso totally unrelated but once I was playing against AI players and one of them randomly got $3000 out of nowhere...which I know is impossible as part of the game because the most a player can gain from rent is $2000...not that Boardwalk was even owned at the point in my game when this happened. Weird bug, hasn’t happened since but is worth noting.\n\nPlease fix the disconnection issue!!!', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'babaloushki1', 'title': 'Game crashing'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 18, 51, 30), 'review': 'Monopoly is one of my favorite board games. I like the special effects and overall efficiency. I also like that there’s no chance of the banker cheating ;). Very pleased with the update so that the “buy houses” option doesn’t block the board.  I spent the first several days just playing against the computer. It’s pretty frustrating and feel like the game is kinda rigged against me when I play like that (even when I put them on easy mode), but I still keep coming back. \n\nJust started playing some online players and it’s got a different feel from the computer, for sure. I would like there to be an option to be able to chat with my fellow players.\n\nFinally, for anyone who’s concerned about in-app purchases, just know that they’re absolutely not necessary to play the game and enjoy every second of it.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fancy_face', 'title': 'Fun but also frustrating'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 1, 19, 24), 'review': 'This game was enjoyable for a short time but the computer cheats in game.  When you play against computer the game pre selects a winner and makes sure that that computer opponent never hits your properties by allowing it to roll just the right number to avoid them.  For example I had hotels on all the light blue properties and for an entire game it made sure the one computer opponent never landed on them…NOT ONCE!  This is not an isolated event either.  Every single game the computer favors one player and makes sure they land on only properties or rewards that benefit them.  This works opposite way too.  Many many many times the computer makes sure that you don’t hit any properties that are for sale and constantly sends you to jail or makes you land on properties already owned by other opponents.  This has happened for ENTIRE games multiple times.  All in all this game needs to be fixed and the rigging of the game by computer needs to stop.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Thehornet333', 'title': 'Computer cheats'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 25, 2, 24), 'review': 'Graphics are so so, but serviceable. (There are compression artifacts that look crappy on a 12.9” screen). The interface is pretty good and easy to understand. Nice custom options. The AI at medium was not very challenging. I’m hoping the hard AI is not as easy to exploit or tries to compensate by doing cheat trades with other AI players that wouldn’t reflect what a good human player would do, but that remains to be seen. The game seems worth $4 for the most part. Don’t think it’s worth spending more for themes and tokens though.\n\nUpdate: After playing a few more games (all AI on hard), I still have yet to lose. The AI is easily exploited to make bad trades, taking off another star from my original rating. Fun for a quick diversion but no challenge. Also, what’s the point of the nice city graphics when they don’t update to reflect houses and hotels? Totally not interested in their themes if it’s the same type of thing.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Elvite', 'title': 'Serviceable (Fun for $4)'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 19, 2, 56, 44), 'review': 'First, if someone leaves during the middle of a game the computer should pick up play so other players can finish their game OR everything should go to the bank so we know the player has left and the remaining players can continue. Second, there needs to be some sort of chat button even if it’s preset chats only (Hi, Bye, BRB etc.) Third, pricing is excessive for extras. Third, timers for play time need to be improved. Someone taking too long to build, roll, make a trade. Finally, their needs to be some sort of stats such as Games Played, Win/lLosses, Top Win amounts etc.  Other than these changes it is the classic game we all know and love. However, I feel like with the price of the game and price for in-app purchases the above should of already been completed. Until these improvements are made - I can’t give it any higher than 3 stars. It’s an incomplete app in my opinion.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Stlrs1fn', 'title': 'Needs Major Improvements'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 23, 23, 45), 'review': 'I kind of miss the old animation of the pieces moving like their characters (ex: cat moves on board like a cat) and it needs some of that whimsy. But the biggest problem is the game freezing mid play with online mode. I’m glad there’s a decent online mode with this game now, but it freezes plus it’s hard to tell when a player is just taking too long or it’s frozen. I need something that says what the player is doing or something so I know. And I wish there was a way to get certain pieces or boards by racking up coins or something, because already paying for the game you shouldn’t have to pay for the rest. And it’s been over a month and these bugs still haven’t been fixed. There was a week where it was running smoothly but it’s doing it again. And I already sent a support request so this is ridiculous.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MoxiRox', 'title': 'I’ve only completed a few games... mostly because of freezing'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 16, 11, 39), 'review': 'Played a game where i have gone around the board 6 times and landed on the $100 Tax 3 times and landed on the $200 Tax 3 times. What are the odd of that??? Complete BS, and that has happened on more than one game. Give me the option to use real dice and ill put the numbers in or take a pick of the dice (just in single player mode). There are two cards, (collect $10 from each player and pay $50 to each player) that dont work correctly. The $10 card gives you the money but does not deduct from other players. The $50 card will deduct from your money but does not get distributed to the other players. Also bought the season pass on my apple account but does not pull up on my other devises. I don’t trust the computer dice at all. There have been way to many safe landings, I’ll own everything on two rows with houses and hotels and the other players constantly land on community chest and chance. But i will without fail, in a single run, land on two out of their three properties with hotels.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Trackerkoss', 'title': 'Dice are rigged'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12493200, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T16:54:05Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 16, 33, 1), 'review': 'I absolutely love Monopoly, and this app does a great job of bringing the game to mobile devices. It’s a lot of fun when it works, and I’m happy to finally be able to play the game on my phone. However, there is a plethora of bugs that make the game hard to play. The game may freeze and you have to start over, or certain gameplay aspects become unusable as the game progresses. I’m sure these will be fixed in time, but at the moment, it really hurts the experience. There is also the DLC for the app, which looks neat, but is too overpriced. I understand that the developers need money from making the game, but getting another board and some tokens is too expensive, especially considering the bugs. It’s not even a free game to start off with. I am aware it won’t happen, but a price drop would make my opinion of the game much better as well. Thank you for your time!', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TinySandwich14', 'title': 'Great potential, needs some work'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18261046, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-04T21:09:07Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 2, 11, 42), 'review': 'Playing the monopoly game to find out it doesn’t seem random at all. The last several games I played, very early in the game, bot players make a deal giving one of them a complete set of properties and the other bot player gets garbage. There is no way those bots make that deal, bots are on hardest settings, at any other time in the game. In every case the bot player that got the good end of the property deal won the game. Not random but rigged. Update: This game cheats. I have witnessed, several times, the computer players not moving the appropriate amount of spaces when it was their turn. I have also witnessed the wrong amount of money, in the computer players favor, being transferred. If you own property and decide to mortgage one or more of those properties 100 out of 100 times the nearest computer player will, not maybe, land on your mortgaged property. This is worse than playing with cheating family members when I was a child. Zero chance this game is random, no way possible!', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Jgrimsley6', 'title': 'Game chooses winner early in game.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21994066, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your constructive feedback!  We can assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. However, I have shared your thoughts with our team to be taken into consideration for future updates. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-04-01T12:59:25Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 31, 5, 23, 23), 'review': 'It seems rigged, to be honest. Like, it’s monopoly. A game I’ve known and loved since I was a kid. So when I found the app I was super excited! But I’ve played at least a dozen times and I’ve only won once. Every single game I play, I’ll land on stuff like income tax, where I have to pay, and the opponents (online multiplayer) always get community/chance cards with all sorts of good cards.\nI’ve also noticed that in more than a few games, I’ll seem to do well, have lots of properties and houses, then one player will get really rich and put up a ton of hotels. The other two players will land on the hotel players properties causing them to go bankrupt (and the one with hotels LITERALLY never lands on my properties) so that puts me at almost no chance of surviving.\nI just wish there was a little bit more of an even chance of winning. I totally understand that you can’t win them all but winning almost never doesn’t sit right.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'walker9376', 'title': 'Somehow I always get the short stick.'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'My fix has finally arrived, I was fortunate enough to get one whole game without crashing, first day out I’m sure it’ll have its bugs! Besides that everything seemed as expected, just wish I could atleast play an AI can’t even get that as of now! Looking forward to the updates, let’s get this fixed! Also would love if we could chat! Please add that feature, this game is all about going back and forth hopefully with some progress! Ok so now I had to return to edit this review, I’ve gone from a 5 star rating to a 3 star, I know this is a bug but the fact that I was forced to mortgage everything without needing to is absurd! Changed the entire game for me. We should have the option of what we want to mortgage when going BROKE. Please and thank, let’s earn that 5 star guys!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 15, 51, 46), 'title': 'FINALLY', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'wonderbread29'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I would recommend this game and it’s just like the real monopoly. There are better things to it though. In this game, you can actually see how much money you have without having to count and you spend way less time on each turn therefore it’s a faster version. I think that the game could be a bit better considering the fact that you have to pay to unlock new characters and boards. I think you should be able to get coins to buy new things and you could get the coins by winning games. Overall I would recommend this game because you don’t have to clean up, you can play with your cousins and friends when your not with them and it’s a lot less time than the real monopoly.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 22, 19, 39), 'title': 'The Great Game that needs some work 👍', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ahehevetgwhsb'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Problem 1: There is no WiFi mode, so to play with someone in your own house you either need to pass-n-play or be connected to the internet-which invariably disconnects you. Problem 2: The AI does stupid things no human player would ever do-even on hard setting. Problem 3: No options to turn off the animations. There are too many, and take too long. This slows the game down considerably. Problem 4: You have to play with some fancy city 3D rendered taking up the entire interior of the board. Hey developers, how about an option to use the classic board? Problem 5: When you are going to go bankrupt, the game just says you lose. You are supposed to have the option to trade with other players to raise the cash. The old version (Monopoly for iPad, by EA) was far better, but is no longer supported. This game is a classic example of “How to take a good thing and wreck it with improvements.” Download and play at your own risk.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 1, 16, 48, 36), 'title': 'Too many issues to be fun. The old version (Monopoly for iPad) was far superior.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'None3427'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Now I’m not saying the game is bad. Monopoly in general is a fun game to play. But I would suggest playing the board game. Not this electronic crap. I don’t think the game is scripted. I just think it is very unrealistic. And even though I play multiplayer and win most of the time. My wins don’t feel very fruitful. They way I win is very crappy. I’ll roll numbers and skip everyone’s houses and hotels every single time. But when it comes to me. They 100% of the time always land on mine. It’s happened the other way around as well. The rolls don’t feel real. You can easily tell what number your gonna get even before you roll. Even the chance and community chest cards are SO PREDICTABLE. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve guest what I’m gonna get. I do believe this game has potential. But these devs need to make the game more realistic. This seems like a very rushed game. Until this gets fixed. I’ll be sure to let everyone know to hold off on the game until it actually gets good. (If it ever does get good).', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 5, 45, 3), 'title': 'Game is not realistic', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hehehebwishcubebs'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'This is a FANTASTIC game when it’s actually working. I just downloaded the app and have played 2 games with 4 other people in the same house connected over internet on different phones (both games failed after freezing). The first game glitched out when one player went bankrupt and left the game. This caused the game to freeze and nobody could do anything. The next game, everybody’s app froze up after a deal was made to make a sale of a mortgaged property to raise funds to buy a property which was just landed on. Then, the buyer of the mortgaged property was also out of capital and needed to raise funds to cancel the mortgage interest payment, then the game basically spazzed out and we lost another hour of time. I think this has a ton of potential but I’m disappointed that the seems to fail at complex moments and isn’t reliable enough when investing 1+ hour into a game. Would really appreciate these issues to be fixed so I can actually have a finished game at some point.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 25, 20, 39, 16), 'title': 'Great game but has ISSUES', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Baymitchell@5708'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'This app constantly undercounts what the dice says and most often it counts against me and have gone bankrupt.  Please fix and I adjust my rating.\n\nUPDATE... The app is much better and most of the time it is counting the spaces correctly according to the dice now.  I have seen previous reviews where multiple player games are rigged.  I had noticed that too however I noticed playing a lesser amount of players it don’t seem rigged.  It seems more fair but not easy either.  It seems pretty balanced until today where I haven’t won a game yet. Maybe I’m having a bad day.  I purchased another board today and I had no problems accessing it.  Atlantic has another board that is kind of dark but has some light.  So if you have trouble seeing if you want purchase a board,  I’d advise getting a board with a different name or subscribing to the one time package deal.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 1, 38, 21), 'title': 'Miscounting the dice number', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Coco Chanel Coco 143'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love monopoly, it’s probably my favorite game. This app is awesome. However, I think there are two things that would make it even better. #1 please more players to a game. Playing with an option for 6 is way more fun and it would be harder for one person to win. Which leads to the second point. #2 Please make the game more evenly matched. An example of what I mean is this: I played a short game once online and I literally landed on Baltic ave on my first roll and only landed on maybe one or two properties the rest of the game. Which gave me no chance to compete the rest of the game. That literally happens, every game. One player will be at a great disadvantage. This makes for one sided games. Not cool and not fun. Other than that, the gameplay is fun. I play very often despite the two glaring issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 26, 1, 48, 5), 'title': 'Very fun, but needs a couple of things', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'b,pv1'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'I love to play Monopoly and the thought of playing a live game with people online sounded like an amazing game to download and the $4 was reasonable.  However the level of bugs with this game is insane.  1) I will get routed to a game with no players and see a message saying waiting for players and nothing happens 2) the game will freeze and disconnect during gameplay 3) many times a game will be found and players accepted just to get taken to the board and the game freezes and never actually begins.  I have yet to be able to complete a game, as it keeps bugging out and does not allow a full game to be completed.  It’s incredibly frustrating to keep trying to enjoy this game and play a full round, only to be stopped and have to close out the game and start a new one.....  only to have to do the same thing all over again.  At this rate, I feel like I wasted $4 on a game that will never allow a game session to be completed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 20, 1, 52), 'title': 'So disappointed', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bushwitme'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'It’s a great game of course, but needs a little more incentive, something to strive for, like a prize; like a boarding ticket that you have to fill up with collection items that can be won by winning a match, or some type of something, without complaining since we  have to purchase the app and then have to feel forced to buy every board and/ or the pieces, just to enjoy a CLASSIC GAME WE ALL ENJOY.  im happy with the game play. Just wish you could zoom in on the board and instead of a auto chat have emoticons too. \n\nit’s “MONOPOLY” the greatest game invented by a Women, so with that being said, maybe something a little more would be highly appropriated by myself and others that felt this brand is worth investing in still in the new millennium.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 17, 7, 0), 'developerResponse': {'id': 22878464, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have already shared all your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thank you kindly for playing!", 'modified': '2021-05-18T15:08:14Z'}, 'title': 'Needs more!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cashleeYvette'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Game does a good job of re-creating the classic board game which isn’t hard to do. The app needs some major tweaks to make it enjoyable. The fact that you can create a game online with other friends is an awesome feature. However, the execution of this feature is poor and renders the mode literally useless unless you leave the app open until the game is complete. If you swear to swipe down on your notifications bar mid game and exit the app, everything you rolled dice for is gone. And there’s no way to re-join the game. Also, if a player leaves the game the ethical thing to do would be to pause the game. But, the game continues and a computer takes over your spot until you return unless you close the app as mentioned above. Any app over 99 cents should be fine tuned in my opinion and this piece of junk is far from it. Save yourself the trouble and spend your $3.99 on a Popeyes chicken sandwich which is still trash but better than this piece of trash.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 20, 2, 14, 51), 'title': '$3.99 is $3.99 too much', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'RedsoxAllDAway18'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Been playing this for a couple weeks now and other players keep griefing if they feel they lost the game. They grief by trading away their money and properties to your opponents for virtually nothing. I thought griefing was a rare occurrence however it happens way too often. My last 4 games had people griefing. There is absolutely nothing stopping griefers from ruining games. They can grief and leave the game without penalty. Another problem is that when you play online multiplayer, you actually are playing with bots, most of the time because the game doesn’t have enough real players. Playing with bots isn’t fun because you can easily trick them into trading their properties to you. It’s obvious when someone is a bot because they trade and give you counter offers at the speed of light. And they also trade away properties at a cheap price to other real players and just do stupid moves that a real player wouldn’t do.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 28, 19, 13, 26), 'title': 'Not worth it. This game is rigged and full of griefers that will ruin your games', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dont get monopoly'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'The choices the app developers makes affects the game play. Here they seem to have given higher weightage to themes, dice, tokens, I.e. visuals over the actual game play. They seem to miss the point that the monopoly board game that’s been around for decades is what we users, are looking for as it was perfect( or near perfect) as is. \nThe more relaisitic you can make it the better.. that means adding friends online, having chats, making it user friendly... not limiting user interaction. It also means, giving us a fair shot at winning... without the crucial leveling field of randomness being maintained. \n\nMaking the experience isolating and lonely isn’t fun. Technology needs to be an assistance to human interactions not limit it, and right now this app is a prime example of where technology is failing us, dumbing us down and trying to allure us with visuals and overcharging for the features.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 30, 13, 47, 51), 'title': 'Lacks human factor', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'IndiraIyer'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'THIS IS GAME IS AWESOME! I just had my best round. I love the feature where you can play either online OR offline, and all varieties the tokens. One issue I have is if I exit the game, screenshot, or look at my battery, it usually exits me from the game. One more issue is I wish if someone (online) quit, you can instantly tell if an AI takes over. You can tell if it’s an AI for some reasons. They make trades an a half second.I also wish it was like game of life a little, where if you complete a quest like ‘win once’ and if you complete it you can get tokens or maybe a new map unlocked. Other then that, this game is amazing. Also if you enjoy this I recommend Game Of Life 2. Pls respond about these issues.\n(I’m thinking about getting Clue)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 19, 23, 0, 44), 'title': 'HAVE TO GET!!!... One issue', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LaineSchmidt'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'The classic game is fun at times but it definitely drags. I liked in the old version where all of the properties can be dealt to speed up the game but there’s no option for that. The connection errors happen every other game, and I haven’t won a single game out of the 25+ games played. The time I most definitely was going to win I was trolled by an opponent who landed on my property and instead of mortgaging his properties to pay me, he was given the opportunity to trade away all of his properties to another player ALONG with all of his remaining cash! I didn’t get any cash from the transaction owed, with my bankroll at $82. That’s a serious flaw in the system! That wouldn’t fly in anyone’s household. Fix this game please! Give us more options for customization, fix the connection errors, and fix the loop holes players will exploit to ruin the game for everyone. We literally paid you for at LEAST a better version from the last.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 4, 11, 53, 54), 'title': 'Flawed', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Myles2021'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'This review is mostly based on a comparison to the old iPhone version released and discontinued by Electronic Arts, playing solo vs. a single AI opponent.\n\nThe gameplay is much too slow. There should be an option to skip or accelerate animations. Buying houses should be much faster: clicking on a property with one house should add a house and automatically add houses to the other properties as necessary. That way it just takes seven clicks to buy hotels on a 3 property monopoly instead of 15.\n\nThe “hard” AI is very foolish, skipping purchases early in the game or if necessary to block a monopoly.\n\nThe board is too cluttered: there should be a clean board option that resembles the classic board instead of having buildings and things making it look messy.\n\nThere are no classic tokens available like the shoe and the thimble. There is no house rule option for unlimited houses. There is no $75 Luxury Tax or 10% Income Tax house rule option, following the classic rules that many of us grew up with.\n\nThere is no win/loss record.\n\nThe game is not available on the Hong Kong iOS App Store which means I can’t make in-app purchases with my credit card (your loss). Despite this, the default board used is based on geographical location, rather than App Store location. If I bought the game on the US App Store instead of the HK store, then my board default should be the US version, not Hong Kong.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 6, 6, 21), 'title': 'Needs much work.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bentonton'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I bought the seasonal pass with 35 dollars because I thought this game looks fine to me and is a great way to kill time. However, I tried the ski theme and found it’s exactly the same to the classic one except the pictures and names. That just makes buying the themes meaningless if there is no change to the game rules or settings. Even the location of station, community chest and chance slot are the same! I know it might be the case that the original board game with different expansions have same settings with the classic one. But I also know how easy it would be to only change a few pictures and names with video games. If you do make some changes even like add more function cards in chance box, Please tell me and I will leave a five star. If not, please consider adding some new features toward rules in the upcoming themes or even just changing some locations would give better experience.\nOnce I see any changes I will come and leave five stars.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 5, 21, 28, 15), 'title': 'Theme question', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Targyfeng07'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'Been playing for a week now and so far I love the game. You can play with others online or with AI’s. The only thing I would love them to add is probably a speed up button or timer for players so they don’t be taking to long or just delaying the game. Also another thing is a chat wrong so player can communicate. Another thing too is, I do feel like the dice is rig or not being roll fair it just feels like the dice roll would give one player the best roll and one player awful roll. Example I was playing a couple online games where one players was able to own 4 place first round because they had a good rolls and I legit kept landing on theirs stuff and was only able to own two properties which didn’t give me any advantage in the game. I still feel like this monopoly game still got some stuff to focuses on to make it a better experience for players.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 15, 39, 56), 'title': 'Decent app', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'a_Z008'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love monopoly, it’s one of my favorite games that I play every single day! But I would like to make a suggestion, sometimes when the dice roll I don’t count fast enough lol to know what it is, I think you should try when they roll let the actual number appear at the top also for absolute clarification. And one more thing when people quit or take too long on purpose it should automatically go to the next person, it has the countdown, but when the countdown goes out it’ll still be on the same person and then I’ll have to quit the whole monopoly game because it doesn’t go to the next person. Every update is great! I love this game and I can’t wait until the next update, I hope y’all see this!!! 5 stars!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 7, 12, 58, 11), 'title': 'I love this game!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MykalaD17'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'As the title states, if you’re winning by a lot, the game will claim you have a connection problem. Reconnecting will pop up on your screen and then you’re out of the game forever. Also, if you have an iPhone, if you mistakenly slide up your quick options, you’re out the game as well. Also, if someone calls or text you, you won’t be able to reconnect to the game. I don’t know why this connection issue is so sensitive but it really makes me not want to play the game. Internet is always good on my end because while playing Monopoly, I am on my laptop watching Netflix and other things, so I know it’s not an issue. I’m really sick of this. Monopoly needs to fix this, ASAP. I don’t know how it’s getting 5-star reviews, especially with a terrible algorithm. How do you have 3 color sets, houses/hotels on each, and opponents land on community chest/chance 8 times in a row? Ridiculous. They need to update this game soon.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 15, 0, 23, 42), 'title': 'If you’re winning by a lot, it will claim there’s no connection.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Fjhssvbbgg bbbjh'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I hate to give this only 3 stars because it is so fun and addicting!! But.. the games take a long time (which is fine) but when the game randomly freezes in the middle it is beyond irritating. Spending 1 hour + on a game and having it freeze is unacceptable. \nAlso, not sure if there’s anything you can do, but when people decide to “leave” the game but don’t actually log out and let a bot take over, it is unfair for everyone. They auction all properties they land on, reject ALL trade deals making it impossible for anyone to succeed  and take lots of time doing all these things- which makes me leave the game after a while because it is not fun. Maybe have them booted after so many minutes of inactivity? Idk. \nOtherwise the game is great. When it doesn’t freeze, I’d want to give it 5 stars. Until then, 3.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 9, 19, 27, 7), 'title': 'Great game but irritatingly freezes sometimes', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AEF1995'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 22, 17, 1, 28), 'title': '3 stars for now.', 'userName': 'Pinballllllllllll', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’m a huge Monopoly fan, and got this app as soon as it was available for the purpose of playing with a friend. It wasn’t till after purchasing that I learned you cannot even leave the monopoly screen without it disconnecting you! My plan was to have a long lasting game of monopoly that we could revisit over a weeks time+. But no, if you are good at monopoly and see the game through you will be staring at your screen for at least two hours without breaks! That’s my biggest complaint please do something about this! If this was fixed it would hands down be 5 stars because it is a really great app.\n\nPs. I drew the same card 4 times in one game. And between two of us we received  5 get out of jail free cards.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 23, 19, 24), 'title': 'Need to fix!', 'userName': 'jessica232820', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I love the game and I love the layout of this game. I love the customizable rules for when playing with friends. I love the quick game options! However, here’s the things that I do not love:\n1) the game is always freezing. This is so annoying, especially after investing 20-30 minutes in a game, only to have it freeze. I’ve tried playing it over WiFi and cellular connection and it still freezes. It’s even more irritating when it says “reconnecting” when you’ve never left and make you miss a auction or trade. \n2) the fact that you can’t even check a notification without being put out of the game!!! I understand not wanting people to be absent from the game for long periods of time and hold the game up but DANG. \n\nLike I said, I think the graphics are nice and the game is fun but I cannot crease my stars until these issues are fixed!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 2, 12, 33, 43), 'title': 'Beyond amazing but could use some upgrades', 'userName': 'DevilishBash', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I don’t regret purchasing this app for even a minute. I’m having tons of fun and during this pandemic is definitely something that we all need. That being said, I feel like there should be a couple of add ons to improve the experience. Things as voice or just plain text chat since I play mostly with friends and every now and then there’s issues with our calls/someone gets a call, gets disconnected and then we’ll have to disconnect to add them again. A vibration system so that if someone is taking too long to do their turn you can buzz them kinda like in MSN. It keeps on happening to me where two players would be in the middle of a trade and one of them will doze off for too long and that can be very frustrating in 4 way games.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 8, 20, 23), 'title': 'Terrible for a Paid App (TRUE REVIEW)', 'userName': 'jrdn_fox', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I would love nothing more then for this app to work properly. This game is a paid app put out by a major company, and it’s current state is unacceptable. It’s 2020 and I should be able to multitask different apps. While playing this game you can rarely flip to other apps (such as messages) and come back to the game without it glitching out. Monopoly takes hours and for me to not be able to text, answer phone calls, etc is unacceptable and not realistic. I can’t tell you how many times an incoming call has ruined my game after investing a hour or two already. On top of the multitasking issue, there are tons of glitches in the game. I probably haven’t been able to complete a game in the last 5-10 games because of in game glitches. This includes games online and games with friends. Don’t waste your time and money until it’s fixed properly. I have an iPhone 11 Pro that is always up to date. The game is simply broken.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 5, 14, 39), 'title': 'The game is fun! When it works...', 'userName': 'Pyper13', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The past few days I’ve really been enjoying the online play. However, randomly, the game will stall out. I had assumed it was because a player had left. But once I was in the middle of the game and my phone died. When I got my phone on the charger and started the app up again, it resumed my online game as if I never left. It makes me wonder about the integrity of online play. The trade deals offered by “people” online are eerily similar to those offered by the AI options. \n\nI gave up on the online play because I figured if I was just playing against AI anyways, I might as well play with the custom house rules I used as a kid. However, that game play has started freezing as well and I am only able to finish about 30% of games. The other 70% stall out. I love the app when it works. Unfortunately it feels like a waste of time and a gamble, never knowing if the game is going to stall out halfway through.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 14, 1, 19, 19), 'title': 'Worst version of monopoly evere', 'userName': 'Kaudiebsjxodhaksidhd', 'rating': 1, 'review': "I have been playing monopoly for as long as i can remember. The game is fun because it is so unpredictable who is going to get what and the decisions and trades that go along with the game are like real life in a way but nit haha. The thing with the IOS version is that it is so fng predictable. Like there are so many times that me and some friends play and literally they will miss all of my property that i have built on and i will hit every single one of theirs and all the spaces that f you up for taxes and eventually go bankrupt. This also happens the other way around but still that isn't fun. How is it that i own a whole side of the board with hotels and there is only one spot they could possibly land on to not hit my property and they land on that spot every single time the next 5 times they go around the board? Fng ridiculous. Happens ALL THE TIME. Fix this. I don't even care about the chat option. Just make the game normal you hob-knockers. HATE THIS SO MUCH.", 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 2, 27, 31), 'title': 'Fun game but needs lots of bug fixes', 'userName': 'Stace_24', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I purchased this game as I play the board game often. Right away the colors and fun animations blew me away and I was so excited. I love that I can start a game with random online users or invite my own friends. The city is so fun and the cars moving around and other small details really make the game more alive. HOWEVER, I have only been able to finish about 4 games out of the 20+ I have played because IT FREEZES EVERY TIME. Wether I am playing solo against AI or online with friends, if someone goes bankrupt or loses connection, the whole game is over. This is a very disappointing because the game can take 1 1/2 - 2  hours, with the entire goal to win, and near the end it freezes and forces you to quit. This is my only complaint at the moment, and I wish my score was higher, but because this is so incredibly inconvenient I had to score low. I hope they get this fixed and I can update my review.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 17, 28, 30), 'title': 'Game keeps freezing/stopping', 'userName': 'Thoke69', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Overall the game is great. It brings back the childhood nostalgia and fun I enjoyed as a kid but however, out of the 5 games I’ve played I have had the same issue twice. When it’s my turn I will roll the dice and it will give me my number to move spots but then it will continue to just sit there and not move. You cannot do anything and you will have to end up quitting the game. Thankfully it happened both times at the beginning where I hadn’t gotten many properties yet but I am dreading the day when I get into a game for 45+ minutes and it’s down to the wire and then this issue occurs and forces me to have to quit so other people can enjoy. Please fix this issue soon and my next review will be a 5 star all day long. Thank you Hasbro for brining my childhood memories back to life but please fix the issues that have not yet been perfected', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12319867, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. \nRegarding the bugs, we offer you our apologies - our QA and programming teams are chasing them all down as we speak. You can expect an update very soon.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T14:31:23Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 15, 7, 42), 'title': 'Hot Soupy Garbage.', 'userName': 'thisgameiswackreview', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'To sum it all up this game is fixed (and no not in the good way I.e. freezes even after update). The rolls are in fact not as random as one would think they should be. In fact, they aren’t random at all. The rolls are designed to favor either 1 or 2 players while the other 2 players are left with no property and a lot of money. Who ever rolls first is almost guaranteed most property on the board mostly because out of the 5 games I’ve played the first person to roll got doubles. And sure I could justify all this as coincidence but I can’t because I can literally predict everyone’s roll and where they’ll most likely land before they roll. I probably wouldn’t even write this review if I was the predetermined to win in the beginning of the game like the other players I’ve played with. In essence this game COULD be fun but with the game freezing constantly/getting kicked to the not-so random rigged rolls that take place this game gets 1 Star and the label hot soupy garbage from me.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 3, 20, 29, 26), 'title': 'Disappointed', 'userName': 'ApatheticallyGone', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'It’s nice to be able to play with others. I’ve never played Monopoly before but I adapted, learned, and picked up strategies. The biggest disappointment to me is that the dice picks its favorites and who wins. It is mind boggling how I had properties all over the top row except for railroad and utilities, but lo and behold no one lands on my color sets. About 6 or 7 games later I managed to get the Boardwalk color set as well as the magenta color set. I had a bunch of properties on the Boardwalk color set and my opponents landed on it only when I lost money and had to sell houses. I have evidence of it happening, too. Instead of buying the app, I should have just bought the board game itself.\n\nThis is just like the Uno app but with no ads and you have to buy the app.\n\nFix your dice. Don’t say it’s unbiased and that the probability is fair because LET ME ASSURE YOU that it is not. Other players have made complaints of this, so it is not a unique problem. Don’t make excuses and actually fix it.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12344503, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback! That is a very interesting suggestion - I have shared it with our design team for internal discussion. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if have any more ideas (or even concerns) you wish to share!", 'modified': '2019-12-11T18:26:46Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 1, 30, 47), 'title': 'Very good what I expected', 'userName': 'maelman', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love the game but I also have a suggestion maybe on options to customize the game we play where you start out by shuffling the properties and hand them out before the first turn, just a suggestion\n\nAlso once I saw a glitch it happened when I rolled the dice and it teleported halfway between where I was and the destination then it teleported back and continued as nothing had happened\n\nAnd the final thing is an update request maybe make it have less chance to land on the tax payment because it really bums you out when you go past go and then it immediate takes away the money you just earned and twice I have seen where you land on the -100 then next turn you land one the -200 and I have played this game for about a week now\n\nAnother option is dividing the tax payment by 10 so what would originally be 100 would now be 10 and what would be 200 would be 20 but that would only be on the customizable game of course also could you do this with going to jail twice I have seen someone me or npc go to jail twice in one turn or make that impossible \n\nThank you so much for taking the time to read this.', 'isEdited': True}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 14, 21, 32), 'title': 'Needs attention...', 'userName': 'Shelli☀', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The actual game in whole, deserves a 5 star! I never wanted to buy it, then I finally did. Considering that it’s a classic game that every one loves and that you have to purchase it, you would not think it would come with so many inconveniences. It definitely needs a game chat! Not being able to communicate during the game is no fun, plus if you were to switch apps or as someone else said, going to your recent or notification list, it disconnects you and then takes forever to join back, if it even allows you to continue. If you have to leave the game under the multiplayer with friends mode, it should allow you to pause or have Ai continue to play. I just downloaded it last night, and these are a few things I noticed that could be better. Hopefully y’all can fix these bugs and add a few improvements, because I love the game itself! Great for the family!', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12493481, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are aware of the AI trading issue that you mentioned, and this will be fixed soon. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:19:41Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 3, 24, 22), 'title': 'Fun but needs balance', 'userName': 'katmatzidis', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This classic game is certainly a great deal of fun, but several items should be addressed.  First, the AI needs to be balanced.  The insistence on the same trade offer turn after turn takes away from the gameplay.  There should be some internal rule that if an offer is rejected twice in a row by the human player, the AI should not prompt again unless it has significantly improved the offer.  Also, the occurrence of doubles seems far more likely than chance would allow.  The die rolls need to be randomized.  Finally, I believe part of the draw of this game is that the monopoly city comes to life, but apart from the visible 3D rendition, there is a lack of depth.  There is much untapped potential to imaginatively weave the cityscape into the gaming experience.  With some updates this could breathe new life to a classic game.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 5, 43, 42), 'title': 'It’s rigged!', 'userName': 'GoneChosenMusic', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I usually don’t write reviews but I had to do this. First off, the game looks beautiful, I love playing it and it’s fun honestly. I started playing on medium and haven’t looked back. My problem, as another reviewer has stated, is it seems as if it’s rigged against the human players when playing against the AI. I’ve played multiple games and have seen the same thing happen. I acquire properties just for the AI to land either right before my property or after it. Meanwhile the moment they stack their properties with 3 houses or a hotel, I seem to ALWAYS land on their properties, so much so that I started calling what would happen... AND IT WOULD HAPPEN! The creators say it’s random, but it isn’t. I’m constantly rolling the perfect number to land on their properties while they constantly narrowly escape my properties. It takes the fun out of the game and is extremely frustrating.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 23, 2, 14, 31), 'title': 'Fun... When It Actually Works', 'userName': 'AIW000', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'When I first downloaded this, it felt worth every penny. Friends and family made the same purchase and it was a great game to play together. There were lots of random times the game would freeze, but we figured it would get better with time. It’s only gotten so much worse. The app will frequently kick a player or it will just shut down completely in the middle of the game and replace the person with an AI. And every single game I’ve tried to play for days has completely frozen right after the game really gets going.  All in all, not worth the aggravation. It’s only $4, but why spend a single cent on an app that won’t work and causes so much frustration? These occurrences are not unique to just a few people, everyone I know who has purchased this app has reported the same experiences.  Great app when it works, but it seldom does.  They need to fix these issues.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17106673, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. We really appreciate you sharing such detailed feedback. I've already sent this information to our QA team for further investigation. We appreciate your time and patience. If you have any more questions please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-05T22:04:15Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 4, 17, 42, 35), 'title': 'A+ visuals - D- game play', 'userName': 'Day-glo World', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Animation is great. Game play for one player is interrupted by screen freezing when live player starts to win. Can return to game by closing and reopening app, but doesn’t return to same play in game. Often seems like game is favoring bot players over live player. For example, most games the bots will immediately roll to buy properties while live player won’t land on available property for multiple turns. Today it wasn’t until the fourth turn before landing on an available property. Meanwhile, the bots each already had 3 or 4 properties apiece. During random live play it’s not possible to know when a bot has taken the place of the live player. Would prefer to have player taken off and allow the property to become available again from the bank. Also, from first roll\nIt is possible to see who will win by the fact of similar problems with who lands on all the properties. Game has great potential but needs a lot if work!', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14486066, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.", 'modified': '2020-04-06T11:03:44Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 23, 33, 52), 'title': 'Odds Are Lame', 'userName': 'Her_Hiness', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'UPDATE: I deleted it. AI’s are trash. \n\nNot impressed. I understand that the AI has to be competitive. But paying to play this game to consistently lose isn’t fun. You can own all spaces minus 1 or 2 on 1 side of the board & the AI will constantly move past your property, you will draw every negative card, you will land on sales tax & luxury tax every lap around the board, you will consistently land on purchased property and never on an unclaimed space. You will roll dice equal to 2-4 regularly while the AI rolls 7-12. What’s even funnier is the “roll” before the game starts, you will consistently play last. I’ve started and restarted to see what my odds were at not rolling 4th, odds were 1/5.\n\nI’m already over it & I’ve had the game for under a week. And to top it all off, after you pay $3.99, you realize you’re only able to play with the basic board, with limited pieces. Everything else costs additional money. Why waste your money when the odds are nowhere near your favor?', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 24, 20, 53, 35), 'title': 'AI trades are broken!', 'userName': 'Brian3058', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'So, the AI system for excepting trades seems to be purely based on value of properties and cash. I have watched as AI players make bad trades that give one AI player a monopoly without giving the second an equitable trade. I don’t know if there is a way of improving the trade algorithm, but it would be nice not to see trades that are not grossly unbalanced.\nOther wise the game is great.\nEdit:\nSo after playing for awhile I noticed that at times, not all the time, the game will miss count spaces. It seems to happen when rounding corners. The most recent, I my player piece was on boardwalk, game rolled a 5-1 for a total of 6 for me, then rounded go and stopped on the tax space. I should have landed on the railroad space. It doesn’t happen often, maybe twice or three times a game. It doesn’t ruin the game for me, just frustrates me.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 25, 18, 33, 38), 'title': 'The great monopoly game', 'userName': 'Pangooninja', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I have always been a big fan of Monopoly and being able to have it in my phone and it makes it so much better. Usually my family don’t like playing it because it is so long and so messy and you can’t really posit without losing something. With it being on our phone it makes it so it is simpler. Also please add a feature where when you are in a auction you can look at the whole board to see if you can mortgage stuff or look who has what. Also you should make it so when you are buying a property you can mortgage stuff when you are able to buy it if you were low on money. And also make it that AI are able to be nicer about trading because sometimes if I want 2 oranges I had to pay over 1000 bucks for it.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 7, 6, 25, 15), 'title': 'Would be super fun but for the irritating rigged game.', 'userName': 'Nita8342', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'When I first got it was addicted. Then started realizing the dice ALWAYS favors the green-bot.  I ALWAYS start by landing on chance, or jail. Rarely do I land on properties to buy until the third round; while green-bot runs around landing on and buying everything. The only way I can get a game going is to start trading with the bots, usually for exorbitant prices.  I learned that if I put green-bot on “easy” it helps a little, but I am still very unlucky. It really became evident when I selected “pass&play” and the game didn’t know who to put the hate on - suddenly wow the game was so much more fair!  Once I saw the difference, I’m really irritated.  I just wanted a random play game to challenge my strategy against, with AI’s who can sort of act like another person. Not a dice that chooses bad rolls constantly, unless I put it on “easy” and then it treats me like a child, letting me win everything and land on all the cool stuff. I hate that even worse. Ugh.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Almost the best!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 3, 23, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game digital monopoly is really fun and it’s almost flawless sometimes I hope that we can have open chat so we can communicate easier instead of only saying really simple and short lines but you should also be able to block other people or just turn off chat plainly so that you don’t have to Open chat if you don’t want to. I think if you added that in your new update it would be really awesome and everybody would love it. Also sometimes if I’m doing really good in monopoly game will kick me out but if I’m doing pretty bad the monopoly game runs really smoothly and  like barely has any errors. I think if you added those in your new date the game would be even better!', 'userName': 'KONG🔥🦍'}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great port!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 28, 16, 37, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Feels good, looks good. The animation and graphics are very pleasing. No complaints other than minor bugs. I’m not sure whether this is a bug or not but here it is: in a recent online game I played I was in control of the board and 2 players were left, one opponent made a desperate trade offer many times to me and I rejected them. He was clearly malding and it seemed like he left the game since the screen was still. It wasn’t a crash, I could still click settings, but I think he was able to infinitely keep the screen like he was afk somehow. Would love to see it fixed (since I lost that one :( but not a huge problem) I love the game and hope the dev team can keep it fresh and clean with future patches! If you’ve read down to here you’re wasting your time, go play monopoly already!', 'userName': '👌 YEET'}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Laughably Bad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 16, 1, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve played this game for two days straight just to see if I hadn’t gone mad and this game wasn’t actually cursed. I’ve never written a review for any app but I’m a huge monopoly fan and I’ve never been so frustrated with an app in my life. Whoever wrote these algorithms deserves to be fired. You’d think that if a game was rigged then it would be in your favor for entertainment purposes but this one just wants you to be miserable. I’ve rolled 7 on the first roll five times in a row. I passed go and landed on income tax four times in a row. I had an entire quarter of the board for thirty minutes of a game that no one landed on. I mean come on- I can write better algorithms with one computer science class under my belt. The game assigns AI opponents where you choose a difficulty from easy to hard but they all have the same strategies so the game must choose not randomly what the rolls are and the AIs dominate even if you’re on easy mode. Worst $3 I’ve ever spent and I don’t recommend you do the same.', 'userName': 'bikenation736'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Needs lots of work', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 17, 0, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have yet to be able to complete an entire game. It freezes every time or starts me in a game with nobody. There are so many bugs... SO MANY!!! The dice don’t appear, pieces disappear, games freeze between turns or completely, and more. I also hate the fact that you have to finish the game in one sitting. If I want to play with my friends I don’t want to have to drop everything to play. There should be options to play as you can and have multiple games going rather than one at a time. Also MAKE A PROFILE SYSTEM! I want to track stats. See properties I land on most often. How many houses or hotels I’ve bought in my career. An overall leaderboard. Total money earned. Placing ratios. Etc. give me stats!!! I preordered this game and paid money. I want my money’s worth not buyers remorse. Fix the bugs first! At least let me finish a game.', 'userName': 'BWhip42'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Finally Monopoly done right!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 16, 13, 38, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been loving this new monopoly it is way better with Marmalade taking over. The AI on hard are very good and try to make some decent trades and seem to help one another which is interesting. The online play I agree that sometimes it will hang up and you lose everything because you have to end the game for the reason it will not pass the turn on to you. I wish we had the same options for the friends play for quick pay online. That would be fun also. Giving 5 stars because this is still Great! Price point like other reviewers could be cheaper and then you would have more money coming in because everyone loves this game. Listen to them.', 'userName': 'J0k3R P'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23421203, 'body': "Hello  Noah and thank you for your kind feedback! We're happy to hear that you enjoy playing our game and please know that I have shared your thoughts about the pricing with our team to be taken into consideration for the future. Also, don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-06-16T13:57:09Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Monopoly Rocks!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 14, 13, 51, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I just started getting interested in the Board Game, Monopoly, and I LOVE IT! But not everyone wants to or can play it with me when I want to, so as if it could get any better, I discovered this game on my computer the other day and said “I have to try this!”. I downloaded it on my iPad yesterday and it’s the only game I’ve been playing since! I love the game so much and all the features are awesome! There is one thing I’m kind of sad about. You can only buy new tokens and boards for a really high price. I think that the costs for buying more tokens and boards is too expensive. So if you would lower the price or just make it something that you can earn from accomplishments, then that would be awesome! Thanks for creating an amazingly fun, highly time consuming game!', 'userName': 'Noah Christopher Franks'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Unplayable Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 3, 16, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I understand why a company wants to meet its production deadlines; In this case, Dec. 4th. \n  However, I do not understand why that company would release a product that is worthless and unplayable. I have tried to play 2 games. Both games were not able to be completed as the dice disappeared and the next opponent could not get a turn.\n  I see there has been updates already; therefore I presume there is a significant ongoing effort to make the game playable. What bothers me, a paying customer, is why that effort wasn’t completed before the production deadline. Why did you sell a piece of junk to me? Also you should know, if you don’t already, the second one of my two frozen games occurred two days after your update.', 'userName': 'Sandgl'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Game freezes and loses connection when playing online game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 8, 48, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I am enjoying this game a lot. However, the game freezes on occasion. I think it’s when a player quits the game. It’s frustrating when that happens especially when you’re at least 10 mins into or halfway through the game. Then, you’re forced to quit the game as well. Please, fix this.\n\nUpdate:\nThe app still freezes but for not as long as before. I am sometimes able to fix it by minimizing the app and returning to it. Sometimes, it will reconnect but often times the connection drops, and I get kicked out of the game halfway through. Recently, I have only been able to complete 1/5 games that I’ve played due to frequent loss of connection.  I have good and fast internet, so idk why the connection keeps dropping. Never had this issue before the new updates.', 'userName': 'bill_ann'}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Lazy game design. Too little content for the price', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 17, 2, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I paid 4 dollars only to have 1 map to play with? That’s no different than free to play games. There’s nothing to progress the game or unlock things with skills or time, only money!\n\nI had the entire side of the square bought but still can’t have anyone land in my properties. You can only get hotels if you get all lands for one color. And you don’t get any money from others by just owning many lands.\nSo naturally your strategy is to only  buy the ones (or trade) in the same color region. But you need to count on others to land in your region before you run out of money. \n\nI know it’s supposed to be a classic rule but it’s far from perfect. I’ve seen much better monopoly implementations than this. There’s zero to none strategy, you just roll the dice and hope for the best. And I don’t even get why there’s an auction option. The one who starts the auction doesn’t get a dime, and nobody can afford much higher prices because of limited income. I pay 200 to get a electric company and it’s very likely I’ll never make the money back from it, considering it only takes like 25 each time anyone lands on it, and I’ll hope at least it gets landed in 10 times to make the money back . \n\nI don’t feel so accomplished when I win because I feel I just got lucky. \nNot recommended', 'userName': 'Bad game design'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'New update does not allow me to play with my friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 21, 19, 22, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I downloaded the June 4th update, but now my friends who play on google play can’t play with me.  It says “you are using a newer version than the host, please ask the host to upgrade to the newest version.” (Update: this has been remedied with anotherupdate a couple days later)\nThat’s what my friend with google play says on their end when I create the game with iPad.  When she creates the game, it says the opposite to me.  Booooooooooooooo!  I deleted the app and redownloaded it and the exact thing happened again.\n6/21 Overall this is a fun app to play with friends or strangers.  The computers are pretty good way to beat, even on the hardest mode, so if you want a confidence boost, go for it.', 'userName': 'Purple Skates 88'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Upgrade brought numerous glitches!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 5, 8), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I don’t know if the amount of people using the game are causing all the interruptions in games or if in multiplayer games if someone quits it kicks everyone out but out of 10 games only 2 on average play all the way through (whether I’m winning or losing) the game freezes and there’s no way to know how to reboot without exiting. Waiting doesn’t work either. I love the game and love the stats but am getting increasingly frustrated with investing time in a game that doesn’t run the full cycle. I purchased the upgrade when I first got the app and was very pleased until about two weeks ago. \n\nI agree that it would be nice to communicate with other players even if it’s good game or other prefabbed comments.  Please fix the glitches (dice disappear, player info vanishes, game freezes on close up view etc.)', 'userName': 'vytevgedgrt'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Need To Be Perfect for 4 Dollars', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 6, 50, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I utilize the Online With Friends Function and something that happens EVERY GAME, is that someone will switch apps or the WiFi will glitch and they will be temporarily replaced by an AI (not a problem when it actually... plays) 9/10, it won’t play and the game comes to a permanent stand still and we have wasted 3 hours. If you can’t fix the AI, then just pause the game until the player returns. We don’t have to have the AI, that was the purpose of playing with friends honestly. Love the game though it’s addictive so that’s why this is so frustrating. Also, PLEASE add a chat feature. It would make it that much more interactive. So ultimately, please fix the Online with Friends BUG... and fast.', 'userName': 'Marjaee'}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Worth the price with an exception.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 20, 59, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a very well designed app for the game of monopoly but there are a few problems as well. First thing I would like to add is that whenever someone has internet connection issues or leaves a game (whatever the problem is) it seems that the game just sits still forever which forces me to leave the match when I’m close to winning. Very annoying when I have to wait until I realize that there’s a problem and all that time vested was for nothing. Secondly I think we would all appreciate if there was some sort of communication within the game. This version of monopoly is a vast improvement from the previous one, multiplayer is a lot of fun when it goes smooth and with some short tweaks this game would kill it !', 'userName': 'Bikeisi'}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'I like the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 20, 9, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Latest update has made it impossible to purchase houses on magenta properties. The buy houses icon opens over the properties with no room to tap the properties to put down houses. \n\nI generally play the AI. I’ve twice played online with real people who turned out to be really unkind people- only trade if I give all my money with the traded property, or the one person who would only trade if I gave all my money and property.  So I just stick to the AI.  I like that I can play other cities and I like the snow board. I’m looking forward to the next new board. UPDATE: ugh, it’s trivial, but I’m not happy with the inability to pick my flag color. I’d had it all set so I was always my favorite color. After today’s update I can’t get the color I want and am stuck with a color I rather dislike. :(', 'userName': 'ChuckAvalon'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great game with some flaws', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 19, 39, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is great but there are a few flaws. Mainly, there are loopholes which allow a player to suspend the game indefinitely if they don’t want to play (usually this is done if they’re about to lose and are being petty). A chat feature would be nice, with the option to turn it off. Being able to invite specific players to an online multi-player game, and the ability to add people to a friends list. Leveled online options for more or less competitive games. Other features that would be nice to include would be the option to create online multiplayer games with different rules (they offer this in offline versions but would be nice to play online while incorporating free parking payouts, etc). This game is great if you just like to play but lots of potential to make it more social.', 'userName': 'RougeDouxx'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Iffy multiplayer. great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 21, 30, 31), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have no complaints about Monopoly itself. This game plays just like the classic and you can add your own house rules when playing a custom offline game. When you play multiplayer online, it’s a different story. Often while playing against other people the game will suddenly seem frozen. (Bad servers). I have left multiple games and had to force close the app. It is also very hard to tell whether you are playing actual people or if they have left the game and turned into bots. Without a game chat, online multiplayer has a very A.I. feel to it. The timers for other players are glitchy and inconsistent.. it sometimes leaves you waiting minutes for the opponents move which can drag out an already long game. There is no win/loss trackers, no chat, and no friends list or way to add competitors.', 'userName': 'deepseadiverr'}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Computer players are too stupid', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 4, 1, 21, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is fun but it has a major flaw.  The computer players are too stupid and too easy to be fooled into bad trades.  I can easily trade for a color set.  The trick is to prevent the computer players into trading among themselves to complete a set.  Step 1, try to get 1 property from each color set so no one can form a complete set.  Use up all your money and trade away all your train stations and utilities companies to archive this.   Step 2, after crossing Go for a few times, you will accumulate enough money to trade with Computer players to get a complete set.  By this time you will have very few money and the computer players will have thousands.  Don’t worry.  They don’t have a complete set and can’t make you bankrupt.  Step 3, slowly build houses and hotels and eat away their wealth gradually.  Using this strategy I found myself winning 80% of my time', 'userName': 'HippoLaw'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12493307, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes and trade issues - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:01:29Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Completely Broken', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 13, 49, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Do not waste your money on this game in the state that it is in right now. The game is completely broken. You will waste an hour or longer just for the game to glitch which always seems like it happens towards the end of the game. The last game I played I had all the other players basically in checkmate then it glitched and said I had made an offer of over $1000 to buy another players mortgaged properties which I would’ve never done drained my money, then without me choosing paid off those mortgages which was another $500 in total. At this point it didn’t matter anyways because I was so far ahead, but then a turn later the game glitches again and just got stuck on a players turn and sat there for 15 minutes or so until I just decided to quit. Incredibly frustrating for putting time plus purchase money into this app. Sad developers even would’ve thought to release it in this state. DO NOT BUY!', 'userName': 'William C Thompson'}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Rigged Dice', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 23, 6, 31, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is clearly rigged and not at all random. I had hotels on dark blue, light blue and brown. I also had houses on yellow. I was playing against someone who had hotels on red and all railroads. Three times in a row I got the manage property card which was well over $700 lost and three times around the board I landed on the computer’s red. Yet I had FOUR places with property and the computer missed it EVERYTIME!!!! Not once did they land on my boardwalk and they went around at least 10 times. How is this possible? Yet I landed on three of the railroads or at the very least two of the railroads EACH time I went around. The game is not at all random and rigged to have a certain player win no matter how much property you have. Again I had four properties, three having all hotels and I still lost against someone that had one set of property. In an actual game this is HIGHLY UNLIKELY. I love monopoly but I am debating deleting it the creators don’t fix this.', 'userName': 'HNUGF'}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Unbalanced game, needs work. Don’t buy this.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 20, 36, 18), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Statistically, it is not possible to go around the board seven times (in a new game) six times without landing on a property to buy. My first six rolls included $200 tax three times, in jail four times, and the assortment of Chance and Community Chest each other roll. Because the dice play is not random, the developers have apparently set up the rolls to foil the play against computer, and it gets worse when you advance the level from easy to medium. This is not how Monopoly the board game works, and for this pay more to play more version, it is not worth the money. Don’t buy this. You will get the basic game, but they want more money even for a different player token, different country, and many more arbitrary and ridiculous parts of the game. On top of this, the European spellings of “colour” would not be found in the original US version.', 'userName': 'Silencist'}, {'review': 'Love it. Love the music. I hope they add more catchy (imo) music. My only issue which I’m sure the developers are aware of by now, is the freezing/crashing and missing pieces.  When I was sent to jail, I had to roll a double. Pretty basic rules. The second time however, when it was my turn, me and my friend both lost connection. The second time we loaded up a game, and created a lobby—the game crashed. Oh kay. Not a big deal. Seems online is buggy. \n\nLook, I gave this game five/five because the game will eventually get better. No sense giving a low score because of the issues. I remember this game being on the consoles. So when I saw it was announced I was excited. Folks, understand it will get fixed. Patiences.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 11, 16, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game!', 'userName': 'Ronery084'}, {'review': 'I want to start off by saying that this game is great, the gameplay is great and the flow of the game works well. With that being said, it’s great.... when it actually works... sometimes I’ll be playing and all of a sudden the game freezes and I am forced to close the game and start all the way over. Some key changes that need to be made is that if say I am playing I should be able to leave the game, and come back the next day and continue the game without any ramifications, I should be able to be playing 10 games at a time if I would like. If I leave then the game is just paused so I am not required to play an entire game of monopoly at once. Those are my suggestions, it’s so frustrating that I paid $4 and convinced my girlfriend and mom to buy it too for it to constantly freeze or if a connection is absent for 5 seconds then the game is essentially over', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 3, 4, 56), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Great game, major flaws', 'userName': 'Foxxy163466466447'}, {'review': 'This app used to crash all the time, which was really annoying. Now, thanks to the developers, it’s been greatly improved and I am truly impressed! I even ended up even buying my own Monopoly board game because of this app! To the developer who wrote a response to my review, THANK YOU! I appreciate being able to assist you and the game by giving feedback. So here’s some more: The only problems it has are that it still occasionally crashes, there’s a bit of a bug which makes trading impossible in the endgame, and you skip your turn if you un-mortgage everything really fast after a trade or bankrupting (which gives the player in the lead an advantage). In summary, great game, would recommend, and thank you developers!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 7, 6, 53), 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game, just a few nooks and crannies', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493945, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:55:57Z'}, 'userName': 'Gage Burke'}, {'review': 'I was born in 1980. My first virtual monopoly experience was on the NES. For countless years that was the gold standard of video Monopoly no others could compare( Props to Mr. B. Williams, you’ll always be my boy ). \nEvery new platform to release a Monopoly game was disappointing!\nNot this one!!\nIMHO, this is the first video Monopoly game to give ole NES a run for their money.\nThe game play is fast, the graphics are updated while keeping the original board and price movement feel. I like that when you need to sell anything off it provides the most logical option first. ( though you can still pick manually). Trading interface is quite simple. Only issue is there is a slider for selecting monetary value. I would prefer slider / keypad for specific value... I.E. being able to just enter $237. Rather than slide to $235... over shoot slide back to $230 and hit the plus sign seven times. ( but that’s me knit picking)\nYou can get play cross platform with friends.\nIf you love Monopoly and / or you grew up on NES Monopoly, this game is well worth the money. \nGood job! Well worth the initial price.....not so sure about in app purchases 😉', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 22, 31, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best new video Monopoly hands down', 'userName': 'Robert A. Paulson'}, {'review': 'This game can be great, when it doesn’t freeze. There’s been way to many times when the game has froze. Whether it’s in the middle of the trade or when you lose connection for a split second. For instance, I just had a great game going on and lost connection for a quick second. However, I was in the middle of a trade offer (which for some reason don’t have time limits). My game reconnected fine but the screen was frozen and said “waiting to rejoin on your next turn.” Well, this was no possible because I was stuck on the trade screen with no buttons working. My turn would never come because the trade screen wouldn’t limit out. I sat there for 30 min until I called the game a loss. How do you expect me to buy any of the additional packages when I can’t even finish some games!! Please make some sort of time limit or have a workaround for connection issues/trade freezes.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 4, 21, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Great game, could easily be 5 stars but..', 'userName': 'Ausbom'}, {'review': 'I absolutely love this game, there’s only one a few things that I would change. Add a trophy section for the wins! Lol it’s so hard to win but when I do, I want to remember it lol. It would also be nice to see stats of previous games. Lastly, it would feel like such a greater end of game, if you could animate the winning game piece to jump, or move in some bouncy, realistic way that might add a little bit of life to the game piece, rather than just a rotating game piece that says “winner”. Adding sound and victory music add the end would help too, so that I don’t need to sit in silence. It’s really these small things that would make Monopoly that much more satisfying to play and much more addicting.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 15, 38, 26), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great, but could be greater!', 'userName': 'DrPickTay'}, {'review': 'For an app game we have to pay for. It is beyond flawed and needs to be updated ASAP. You cannot play with others around the world without the game disconnecting. I have one of the newest iPhones and it has disconnected 10-15 times now and I have only been playing this for 3 days. Also they need to have a back button for when we trade, mortgage, etc because when you accidentally exit out. It disconnects your game automatically and you cannot return to your game. The game also needs a resume option for when you accidentally exit out of your game. Also it is nice playing with friends around the world but why can’t you play with real players with your friends? Please update this game and then I will give it a fair review. Until then it’s not worth the $3.99 it’s charging for plus the up charges on the expansion packs.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 1, 31, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'The game is a classic but the app is flawed', 'userName': 'Rita0338484'}, {'review': 'Once you buy property, no matter how many houses you purchase. Other players seem to breeze by the property. The dice are weird when it comes to rolling. On top of the fact that. Once you start succeeding, it’s as if the game starts to favor the winning player more. You could start earning a lot of money, having so many properties. Then once you land on the community chest or the chance box. It’s starts giving the player more money. On top of that, the game starts to drag out longer when the system doesn’t want a player to go bankrupt too quickly. So you’re sitting there with all of this money, with the last player of the game. And he/she isn’t landing on any of the properties you own. And waiting for that player to finally officially go bankrupt after that last player threw the dice 20 times and been around the board forever. It never fails. At this point I seriously only play when I’m bored.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 12, 8, 0, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Seems Rigged', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18462146, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-13T23:41:01Z'}, 'userName': 'NuniiYuHBizzNess'}, {'review': 'So far, so good. Seems like the basic features of the board game are there. I was saddened to see there wasn’t a resume feature, though. I think the benefit of having a digital board game is that you could do things that are more difficult to do in real life. For example, it would be nice to maintain a number of ongoing games in the app. In this way you could be in the middle of several different pass and play games and easily switch between them. It would also allow to conveniently play between sessions. Why should people play a single monopoly game in a sitting? With the app you would be sensible that you could play a game at a leisurely pace, yet when this app gets killed or put into the background, it doesn’t seem like there is a way to resume the game you were playing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 25, 5, 53, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'First impressions', 'userName': 'RipenedFruit'}, {'review': 'Fun as it should be! Plays like the classic board game should. The sounds of moving spaces is perfect and addicting. The only thing I kinda disagree with is the ability to block others from making offers to you. Yeah I get it, if someone spams you with an offer for trade a ton of times it’s annoying so you can block all trades but that defeats the purpose of the game in the long/late game. Other than the glitches and game crashing it’s fun and entertaining. It’s opening night of the game so I’m 100% sure the bugs will get fix so I’m scoring this 5/5\nAlso I would love to be able to chat with my opponents. That’s what monopoly is all about getting together and having a good time and some laughs!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 10, 5, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Monopoly Night!', 'userName': 'Skyler Sums'}, {'review': 'So again, the game still manages to to about 75% of the time, not against you anymore, but FOR the AI’s. Say you own the entire board. The AI will still land on change and free parking and all the rest to avoid losing too much $. Even if you own everything and your $ is less than the Ai/other players, you will still have the advantage. Less money is good, bc the game is now too stupid to let you play for real. The “balancing” is rigged. So long as you buy as much as possible without going bankrupt, the game will keep giving you benefits. This whole “not random” thing is totally destroying this game now, first making it insanely hard, now its made it insanely easy. Seriously, take out all the “balancing” and have things be totally random. Thats the only way these sort of issues will be fixed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 23, 20, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not actually random? Again?', 'userName': 'TigersEye6'}, {'review': 'This is fun and addicting, just as if you’re paying real life monopoly. However, playing online can be frustrating. Maybe out of every 4 games I play, I never end up finish because of connection issues and glitches, which of course is frustrating when you put so much time into the game and worse, if you’re actually kicking a**. It would also be nice to actually have a chat box (not a generic comment section) or a open/close mic thing to make it feel more human and chat with people. At this point it feels no different playing online or with a computer. Otherwise it’s a solid game and will be the best online game when they fix these issues for sure.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 28, 2, 6, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Extremely fun and addicting but glitchy at times', 'userName': 'trogers3311'}, {'review': 'I had to give it two stars. I bought this specifically to be able to play with my girlfriend but it is lame that we can only play against each other and two bots. We want to to play against each other and two random people online. There should be a feature where we can join a lobby and search for two other random people to fill the lobby. \n\nAlso it is very annoying that when someone starts to lose they leave the game and the whole game freezes. They game should kick them out and auction off their property or set it back to no owner. It’s so frustrating going through a long game just to never finish it because someone was a sore loser. Please add a timer of some sort so that people won’t ruin the game by leaving. \n\nIf those two things are fixed, this is easily a 5 star game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 9, 6, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'If people leave game ends & no online play w/ friends', 'userName': 'MonopolyRuben'}, {'review': 'I love the game on single mode, but almost every time I play “online with friends” with my husband, it kicks him off. This happens about 90% of the time. We are both big fans of the board game and agree that this is REALLY close to the real thing. We paid money for this app, which is something we very seldom do. I would give it five stars if it weren’t for the one issue. It would be really nice to be able to actually finish a game with friends without someone being kicked off. Other than that, it is a fun and interesting game. It has different levels of difficulty, which is an added bonus. So...overall (for me) it is worth the money, but please fix the one issue so that I can also enjoy it with my family. Thank you.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 19, 21, 8, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game, but...', 'userName': 'Tfrances10'}, {'review': 'Let me inform you first that this is neither a tantrum nor a rant. It’s my genuine dislike for your dice rolling algorithm. It severely handicaps certain players right from the first roll and it goes on like that for ever. After 2 min into the game I end up losing interest in almost 80% of the games. In most games almost all players end up quitting the game (due to your terrible dice algorithm) and the bots takeover. You can identify this switch when you see the kind of deals they are trying to make. \n\nDon’t get me wrong. I’m not a sore loser. At least not all the time. But when a game of chance and luck is modified by your algorithms to handover victory right from the first round, you start to realize how useless it was to buy this game. The boardgame at least leaves everything to chance. In this you know where you are going to fall or where it’s going to take you after a couple of turns. You might as well declare a player winner as soon as the game starts and be done with it rather than putting up a facade of “game of luck” and wasting the player’s precious time. \n\nUI Development- ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️\nFantastic focus on ensuring ease of usage\nWeb Services and Connectivity - ⭐️⭐️⭐️\nCan’t check notifications or even end a call without losing a turn\nGame Mechanics & Algorithms - ⭐️\nThe worst kind of player handicap algorithm ever.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 20, 43, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Dice algorithm is terrible', 'userName': 'Yaswannth'}, {'review': 'First off the app is fussy and now will not even open just shows a black screen.  When I want to play with a friend I want it to pause the game in between turns like any other turn based game so you don’t have to finish it all in one setting.  You can’t do that with this.  You literally can’t turn the app off or you will not be able to pickup where you left off.  This is monopoly it’s not a short game.  Why wouldn’t you be able to close out and wait for your friend to play before logging back in for your turn?  You would think this is a common sense way to design a game like this for mobile usage.   I feel like I got ripped off buying this.  Don’t waste you money unless you plan on playing entire games of monopoly without letting your phone screen turn off or doing anything else. I can’t even do that because now the app just doesn’t work at all.  What a rip off.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 14, 20, 0, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Could be good but very bad multiplayer', 'userName': 'B245445'}, {'review': 'This could easily be a 5-star game but how can a game get a good review if it constantly freezes? I used to get through a game 50% of the time but after I downloaded the most recent update, I’ve played about 10 times and haven’t finished one yet. \n\nOther than the freezing (which is HUGE) the only changes I’d make is changing some rules in the online player mode. The game is better when players receive more money. For example, the bank collects too much money. I’m all for the bank collecting money but that money should be placed under Free Parking to not only give that spot a meaning but to also redistribute lost money back into the game. Also if you land on, “Go,” you should be able to collect 400. I understand you can play with these modified rules but these options should be offered in online mode. PLEASE FIX THE GAME SO IT DOESN’T CONSTANTLY FREEZE!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 3, 34, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Needs to be fixed!!', 'userName': 'tylolp'}, {'review': 'This is a generally good version of Monopoly with a few notable omissions.  The gameplay is generally smooth, the animation and graphics are good, and all game features work well.  That said, the game needs an option to skip movement animation and “teleport” pieces to speed up gameplay.  There are several house rules available to customize games and speed up gameplay, but this isn’t among them.  Another question I have is about the roll randomizer.  Even playing with four players, it seems to take a very long time before every space on the board is purchased (I am using auctions).  Have I just had a few quirky games?  I do recommend ths game, but only for the fan with time on their hands, or the person willing to play one game in chunks.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 23, 22, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Generally good', 'userName': 'Epj1978'}, {'review': 'Overall, the concept and game itself is asthetically pleasing and joyful. Since playing the game as a kid, Monopoly is just the way if not more entertaining then i can remember. However, that all goes away pretty quickly.\n\nWhen you start up the game everything seems normal, fair and random. A random die roll selects who starts first, and everyone pretty much buys a property pretty quickly. Great! So far so good.\n\nOnce you get to everyones 4 turn and beyond, the game seems like its not fair. But Monopoly is a game of chance right? YES IT SHOULD BE but sadly on this platform it is not. From players getting EXTREAMLY lucky 4 rolls in row to land on the last 4 unowned properties and buying them, to one player always seeming to get the short end of the stick and becoming the first player bankedrupt, this game feels riged.\n\nI have played countless amounts of games, listened and have seen other peoples stories on playing and everyone says the exact same thing. I mean come on, EVEN THE COMPUTER IS KICKING MY BOOTY ON EASY! \n\nWhen more than half of your reviews argue the same thing about this Monopoly game, Hasbro you really need to not keep this game riged and just make it all about CHANCE like in the good old days.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 25, 1, 41, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Riged, but fun… but still riged.', 'userName': 'Sarah101399'}, {'review': 'I’m having fun playing monopoly with this app! I love the Clue! game as well from this developer. Yet, I cannot give this app five stars due to the bugs that happen cause roughly one in five games to freeze. There are other minor bugs, too, that other reviewers have pointed out. One that I have found is that when queuing for a four person online match, five players will be added, but the game does start correctly with four players.\n\nLastly, I think that a ranking system would add competition and incentive to the game. It could also attract more players. The system could be a separate queue where wins and losses affect a players score and ranking similar to other games, or simply a leaderboard that keeps track of players wins, win/loss ratios, on a weekly or all-time basis.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 17, 22, 23, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fix the bugs, add ranking system', 'userName': 'Machbanai'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 19, 58, 38), 'userName': 'Rysod80', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been a monopoly player since I was 6. The game is great and love that you are able to play against family and friends. The games are quick, normally no more than an hour.  There are 3 wish items: 1. Win/loss record against friends. It could even be broken down by place finished against each or if you could create a group to show the record. 2. We like playing with 4 people and sometimes that is not possible so we add computer ai. The computer ai needs to have another level or adjusted. The trades are too easy. There needs to be an expert level or very hard. 3. We need the money bag token from the 75th anniversary please!', 'title': 'Love the game, 2 suggestions'}, {'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21819203, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. Feel free to reach out at help@marmalademail.com If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random.", 'modified': '2021-03-23T14:01:30Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 22, 6, 21, 11), 'userName': 'Justice_DeGiorgio', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game’s dice arent random. I’ve played enough in a couple of days to realize just how horrible of a system this game has. Afk players are banes to quick play, theres a bug that can be player activated to avoid them paying you anything, which in turn cancels your own ability to build or sell houses, mortgage or unmortgage and trades are forced with the cheating player and are counted as his offer. This bug has one pro to it when used againts you. Spam mortgage and you wont have to roll the dice. You just stay in place until you win if you choose. Just in case you get robbed out of 1100 like i was and refuse to leave and let them have the satisfaction. There’s no point in playing this game when theres an exploit that stops you from being able to play the game. Theres also no point when the dice arent random at all. At least try to pretend you’re not pubishing players or rewarding others.', 'title': 'Scam'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 7, 17, 5, 27), 'userName': 'QuarterDrake', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game looks good visually, although it would be nice to be able to skip the intros and in game animations when you want to play a quick game. Now, the reason I gave it 2 stars is the playability against AI and “randomness” of dice throwing. Every time I played the computer would choose one player as the game’s favorite that would be ridiculously good in avoiding paying other players or the bank. I had at least 8 games in a row where I would own half of the map monopolies with houses/hotels and the computer would not land on any single one of them for 7 consecutive turns. Either it would go to chance/community and collect some money or skip the whole section. Meanwhile, I would end up on it’s properties for 3-4 consecutive turns. It’s poor gameplay programming, which is sad because I love this game and this app has potential.', 'title': 'Nice visual effects but not very playable'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 18, 51, 17), 'userName': 'Mr. Erickson', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is for the developers.\nI would first like to say I’m happy with the game and it’s worth the money.\nHowever there are a few things that would make it WAY better.\nFirst, one thing that is very annoying is when you disconnect for a second during online play. It doesn’t let you join until the next turn. This has lost me games before when it’s me playing as AI it can do something that I wouldn’t have done on that turn. \nSecond, there are just a lot of bugs. For example, some times during your turn it doesn’t let you buy houses or trade. This can hurt you a lot and can be fixed. \nAnother thing is to introduce more than 4 players. I’ve always played the board game with like 8 players and that would be fun to have. \nAlso, I would like to have to ability to have friends. If i could see other players online, I would play with them and it would be a lot more fun to be able to just play without having to be next to each other or plan ahead. \nWell thanks for listening to this rant. I like the game and it might be my favorite right now if these few things were fixed.', 'title': 'very good and can be easily fixed'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 3, 20, 25), 'userName': 'Dukem 1', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a fun game to play. The only reason I didn’t give it 5 stars is because on the “play with friends” mode it’s just about impossible to get through a complete game without being disconnected and kicked out of the game. If anyone calls you or texts you while you’re playing it will automatically disconnect you from the game, and there is no way to rejoin. You just have to start the game all over from the beginning. Very frustrating. My daughter and I both bought the game thinking it would be fun to play against each other but we’ve tried playing against each other at least 15 times and have only been able to complete 1 game. Did I mention that it’s very frustrating. Don’t waste your money until the makers figure out how to fix this problem.', 'title': 'Frustrating'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 20, 26, 20), 'userName': 'Hippopotamusfellah', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'As much as I love monopoly. The online multiplayer never works, you’ll get into a game and have a big monopoly on every one and it will freeze on someone else’s turn. Therefor you have to quit and restart the process again. Out of 104 online games, I’ve never completed one because of this.\n\nAlso the AI bot is not completely random, at the end game of single player they’ll strategically not land on your cards until you run bankrupt and lose. This can happen on the hard setting, when you only have one or two full monopoly color sets maxed out on houses and hotels. They’ll land around in between or after your color set until you run bankrupt. Case in point the AI bot ran 27 rolls without landing on any of my 4 complete color sets almost 10 times around the board. Simply impossible and unplayable.\n\nBetter off going to buy the physical game and waiting until this game is patched to purchase.', 'title': 'This game is broken, do not buy.'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 11, 6, 26, 46), 'userName': 'User733752299267533', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Monopoly is a game I’ve always liked and I had an older version that was deleted with no refund of it, but I thought I would get the new game. I like the game rules that let you change the way you play bit but there are 2 main problems. The first problem is that there are so many features but they are all unlocked through purchases when I already payed for the game. I think that some more things should be unlocked by default. The second and bigger problem is how rigged it is. Even on easy difficulty computers they will almost always miss owned properties, get larger rolls (mainly on the beginning), get lucky with getting monopolies, but my rolls will almost always land me on high value properties with hotels. I would greatly increase my rating as long as the game was fixed to not be rigged and some free cosmetics would be nice.', 'title': 'Decent but Rigged'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 11, 10, 17, 49), 'userName': 'RaM SiX', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Marmalade Game Studio assures you that this game is not in anyway "rigged". Well, if it ain\'t rigged, then there\'s some serious lazy game making.\n\nI would say I win 8/10 games with four CPUs on hard mode. And once you\'re winning, that\'s when the patterns get super obvious. CPUs skipping your properties, landing on chance/chest with great payouts, landing on Go/Free Parking too often. While I, being the great business man that I am, left nothing to chance, have acquired almost all properties with hotels/houses. Miraculously and very constantly, now start getting doubles three times in a row, landing on Jail too often, chance/chest are penalties, hardly land on my properties or Go/Free Parking.\n\nI still enjoy this game though.', 'title': "Don't trust the dice"}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 19, 23, 22), 'userName': 'WCKDBEE', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The graphics and play of this game is great, definitely feels like the original board game but “freshened up” for mobile. With that said, just a couple features are causing this to fall short of 5 stars. Firstly, there should be a chat function in multiplayer. Being able to talk and interact with the people you’re playing with is half of the board game experience! Secondly, there needs to be a way to step away from the game and come back. Right now there’s no way to leave a multiplayer game and return, it simply glitches or doesn’t allow people back in. Other mobile turn-based games allow players to close the app and are notified when it’s their turn or they need to do something. Why not this app?? With those couple features, this app would be great.', 'title': 'Almost great'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 28, 12, 40, 20), 'userName': 'sttnayan', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'One of the things that need to b fix is the amount of time a player has for their turn. too much time is given. some players are taking too long to roll or on their turn. This makes the game slow.  I feel there should be a set time on each player turn. once that time is over the game should automatically roll for that player. Same with trades. Online player are taking up so much time on trades. If your not included in the trade, you’re just sitting there for a long time just watching the same trade being repeated, mainly if the 2 players are not coming to an agreement. Also at some point during the game everything stops. No one is rolling, all players are still on board. And you don’t know what’s going on. I’m not sure if this is a glitch. At that point the only option is to exit.', 'title': 'This game has the Potential to be a great game'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 17, 6, 24, 10), 'userName': 'nat2730', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Played this with my friends and some family members and it’s a great game with easy to follow controls, but it isn’t so simplistic that the game feels childish to dumbed down. I have had the issue that many people are discussing with the disconnecting issues but I do believe that is honestly probably network errors on the users side because it did eventually work for me after I went out of the app and returned. Only thing I wish it would change is the amount of players! I usually play with A LOT of my family and its just hard to enjoy when there’s only a total capability of 4 players total. Hopefully it can some day hold 6 or more because that would make it even more enjoyable :)', 'title': 'Love Setup but Only 4 Players?'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 2, 4, 6, 27), 'userName': 'Aaffguknbfdcv', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The app is great, well designed and fun but there needs to be a way to kick someone out or time them out if they decide to not play and halt the game. I played with someone named “LoadedBroker541” and he/ she decided to stop playing but didn’t exit the game. Instead, he/ she stayed actively sending the rest us messages via the chat to taunt us while holding the game hostage. This went on for 20 minutes or do till I gave up and exited the game. After 60 minutes of playing the game up to this point my time was wasted by someone with nothing better to do. It’s frustrating because I paid for this app and this person stole my enjoyment. Please add a way to time someone out or boot them out to remedy these situations.', 'title': 'Help rid us of trolls on this app!'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 9, 7, 9), 'userName': 'Pooper 99', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is def. worth the $6 you get all your childhood memories back at the snap of a fingers, but theirs def some problems with the flow of the game. THE MOST IMPORTANT thing that needs to change/ have is a timer in between moves players could literally take as long as they would like fixing their mortgages or making trades and well that just makes the game too long espically since were playing on a app it needs to be more fast paced. The next thing that can improve the flow of the game is while waiting for your turn you can click and look at properties that way you can already have your move ready by the time it’s your turn. The game is great for six bucks but there’s to many things lagging behind to pay a whopping $29 dollars for the season pass.', 'title': 'Worth the $6 not the $30'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 3, 11, 34), 'userName': 'azitgos', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is an awesome digital rendition of the board game...when it works, I’ve wasted so much time playing a game, only to lose everything when the game freezes! Also, do not touch the wrong thing on your device because you will lose the game! Don’t check a message, answer a call, adjust your settings, etc. or you risk losing your game. Sometimes it reconnects, often times it freezes.\n\nPlease to the developers, fix this!! Also, players should be able to accumulate points for won games, so you can play experienced players. Once you won the game, great, but it counts towards nothing. \n\nGlad you added the chat feature, but can you open it up to open chat where users can type anything? Like... “is the game frozen?”, “why did you make that trade?”, etc..', 'title': 'Loved this until... it froze many times and I lost everything'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 21, 58, 30), 'userName': 'kittyayla :)', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'First of all, I LOVE MONOPOLY. But I think there needs to be communication, may it be emojis, prechosen phrases, typing, etc. Also I wish you could opt in and out of trades being offered, I hate it when 5 properties have been bought and the other players are harassing me for trades. I also wish we could play with more than 4 players, there’s more characters why not more people? Also the dice do not seem to be very random. I played 3 games where me and the other players only hit community chest and chance for a ton of rounds, the game also tends to be a little glitchy, I’ll start games and have to end them because it freezes for too long. The longer I’ve been playing it the more glitchy it is, I can hardly get through a game without glitching and freezing.', 'title': 'Fun but needs a few improvements'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 2, 20, 57, 36), 'userName': 'x Action Bob x', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Seriously... this could be amazing. The gameplay is fun, and it takes the less-than-fun parts of Monopoly (counting cash, keeping up with rules etc.) out, and leaves you with the best part, just having a good time!  This would be enough, except that the online multiplayer is terrible.  There isn’t a time out - if someone walks away from their device or quits - no one is notified in any way, the game just sits there, waiting, forever, until you’re forced to leave the game yourself. Out of about 25 games I’ve started, I’ve been able to finish exactly 1.  For a game that costs money and isn’t free to play, this is completely unacceptable.  Come on Devs - implement a timer. After 30 seconds of no input, BOOT THE PLAYERS WHO AREN’T PLAYING so the rest of us can enjoy the game.\n\nin it’s current state, I would highly, highly recommend no one buy this.  If the devs fix this gross oversight, I’ll update my review.', 'title': 'Online Multi(non)Player'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 20, 3, 28, 18), 'userName': 'MicahB420', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is good, I like the format and it’s smooth playing. I think too many features are buy only no way of earning even though we already had to purchase the game to play but that’s just a side note, the dice rolls seem too fake and not truly random, I tried playing a couple of online games and the first 75% or more of the rolls were a combination of 7, then in the second game it was 6. Seems like maybe you could make it a little more true to random dice rolls. Also it seems to be freezing more and more. Just getting completely stuck and having to quit the game, it’s really not fun or enjoyable to play when this happens especially since starting over loses everything you had going. Fix these things and I’ll give 5 stars.', 'title': 'Good but some bugs'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 3, 12, 27), 'userName': 'Beews', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I was ecstatic to see there was finally a Monopoly game for IOS! I’ve played this game nonstop since I purchased it 4 days ago. I won multiple times, which made me so proud because when playing the regular board game, I NEVER win! So I was totally head over heels for this game!\n\nIt’s day 4 of me having this game on my phone and I’ve been playing it all day. It was going well early today, but tonight I noticed something! Every time I rolled the dice, I never rolled to a colored property. Like EVER! I kept giving chances for me to eventually roll on one but it didn’t happen, so that’s when I new it wasn’t a random roll, it was rigged. \n\nI absolutely loved the game, but that frustrated me so bad that I deleted it. If you guys could fix this problem, I would ABSOLUTELY download it back to my phone!', 'title': 'Great at first, Rigged rolls later on'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 23, 22, 41, 37), 'userName': 'JBryan314', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s comical how rigged this is in favor of the AI. I’ve played about a dozen games so far and the properties are generally spilt fairly evenly, but the AI always dodges my properties. I also can’t get around the board to GO hardly at all, and the rare times I do, I land on the Income Tax. I basically spend the first quarter of the game buying spots like the AI does, and the rest of the game sitting their losing money and never passing GO. The only way I can survive is by staying in jail so I’m not losing money. Chance and Community Chest are a nightmare for me, the best card I can get is the one where I’m assessed repairs for houses and hotels, because I never have the money to build any, so that card doesn’t cost me money. Otherwise I get the bad cards. Out of about a dozen games, I’ve bought two houses total. Total. Like I said, I buy properties like the AI does for about the first quarter of the game, and from then on I just sit and lose money. Terribly rigged.', 'title': 'Rigged'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 23, 15, 4, 3), 'userName': 'Leekydeek', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I remember the release of the previous ios version of the classic game. It wasn’t sophisticated, but it was interactive and consistent. In this version, you are limited to the scope. You can barely read the places. The movement is so quick it’s dizzying even for a millennial. In multiplayer, Never mind sitting in front of your router, as you will face reconnecting issues as you play, and yes, the game will decide for you what happens to your position without input from the player. Trading is a nightmare. And if a player decides to take a break, and have their dinner, the whole table is stuck there waiting. Preset messages make it frustrating to communicate to the other players. \nOverall, it’s a rigid, distilled version of the game, with add ons that only change the graphics. Save your money boys and girls and get the real table game.', 'title': 'Sad to see this version of the classic game'}, {'userName': 'BDSFG', 'title': 'I think it’s amazing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 16, 11, 10), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I can’t believe all the negative reviews. The game only came out yesterday! I think it’s to be expected there will be hiccups and I experienced a few myself but overall I think the game is pretty much flawless. In case it’s helpful to Marmalade, the little things I experienced were: I had M419. Suddenly it changed that to M700 and then it took ALL my money when I landed on a property and paid a teeny bit of rent. Weird. Also, I think it’d be great if they could build in a feature where you can make the game shorter, say like 25 moves total or something...maybe in the custom game section (like the PlayStation version) But I LOVE the game, I LOVE the graphics and I LOVE all of Marmalade’s games!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': '殺世', 'title': 'The algorithm need to be fixed!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 19, 18, 34), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The dice is definitely not randomized! If someone have already bought two blocks, there will be a greater chance that he or she will get the third block. It literally ruined the best part of the game!\nAlso I found out that sometimes transaction between online players will succeed automatically without notifying me? What???? \nI just somehow feel like every game is not randomized. Feel like it is helping each player by turns.\nThis game really have huge potential. By making new maps and token, you guys can gain a lot of money on it. Please just don’t blow this chance. You could also put achievements, personal homepage, or even ranking mode. It will be better to have chatting box or just emojis, making us feel like we are playing against the real people.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493062, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-19T16:43:59Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'AllSoulsRequiem', 'title': 'What?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 9, 19, 25, 19), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Bought this assuming I could play two player with my daughter, was lead to believe that. I would like my money back. \n\nUpdate- thank you for making me aware of the pass and play. I apologize for the tone of my message, it was very rude and uncalled for and I sincerely apologize. My frustration was not an excuse. Please accept my deepest apologies. I would not like a refund for this. I will keep it b/c I love Monopoly. Also! You guys did really well on this. I played it by myself (before I learned of the pass and play for me and Ms. 6) and it is beautifully done. Thank you for the game and thank you for keeping a calm head after such a rude message. Again, I deeply apologize. Thank you again.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15877803, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. \nYou can play with your daughter on the same device by choosing the "Pass & Play" mode from the "Select Mode" menu. Alternatively, if you are trying to play with your daughter over the internet, both of you will have to own Monopoly, and the correct mode is "Online with Friends". \nFeel free to contact us at help@marmalademail.com if you require further assistance. We\'ll be happy to hear from you!', 'modified': '2020-06-09T14:06:30Z'}, 'isEdited': True}, {'userName': 'Sparkybprd', 'title': 'Great app, but a couple issues.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 25, 21, 34, 16), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'First, we love playing monopoly on this app. It has made it really fun with working from home and being able to play a “board game” with my fiancé during the day for some extra quality time. It is a little difficult that if you bump out of the app that it has to reconnect you, and sometimes will kick you entirely. That is the lesser issue we have. We loathe the changing colors! It has made for some really confusing games and some lousy trades because you were X color forever and now you are X. An option to select the color would be amazing. \n\nCustom chat boxes would be nice, but I understand the reasons it wouldn’t be there. Love the new boards, really enjoying the season pass!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23048502, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-05-27T15:02:22Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'iwire205', 'title': 'Something wrong', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 2, 52, 35), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I bought this to play with people online and get mad at how they beat me with random dice rolls, so I expect to feel a degree of “unfairness”, simply because that’s monopoly.\n\nBut every game which seems to start with real people feels like I’m playing against a computer.\n\nNobody would ever give someone a color combo just for an extra property and some cash, if it didn’t give them a combo back. \n\nThey also seem to make an offer, with multiple properties and cash at Inhuman speeds, and then they counter offer with a small amount of money taken off, and then they complete the trade.\n\nThey roll instantly.\n\nThere is never any one using the timer, somehow these “people” I’m playing against are always at full attention. \n\nThey make blatantly terrible trade offers sometimes that I refuse, and then another will make an even worse offer AFTER, as if I would take that after I declined something better the previous turn.\n\nSeriously, I don’t think the multiplayer actually puts you against people. And If it does, you have no way of knowing because there’s no player to player interaction (chat, emote, etc)\n\nI want to like this game, but between this and hitting a game breaking bug 50% of longer games, it makes it hard to want to play.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'AaSKxX', 'title': 'Game is great, But online mode is very glitchy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 22, 2, 17), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Me and my friends were playing online multiplayer mode, while in the middle of the game I scrolled from top to bottom to view notifications center, and scrolled up it only took 1 second. And I got „Lost connection“ and got kicked to main menu and couldn’t continue playing. One of my friends got a call and also got „Lost connection“ and got kicked to main menu.\nMonopoly game session is long, so interruptions are bound to happen. So if you gonna keep restarting game every time you get interrupted by a notification or hitting a wrong button, its not good that way no one will ever be able to finish a game. I hope you fix this problem asap, because this game is awesome and very fun to play.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'cghgffhj', 'title': 'Lots of bugs not worth playing yet', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 19, 28, 56), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I barely can complete a game with how many glitches there are. To name a few...\nSometimes when people owe money and need to get out of debt to pay someone the screen get stuck on the player need to pay - and when it comes to your turn you can’t roll the dice.  When you are placing houses down on your property if tap to fast to try to rush to hotels the thing glitches and makes you not able to place any more houses (this happed to me I had M1100) I was trying to upgrade to hotels real fast on the light blue and I got 2/1/2 houses but then I would not let me build anymore :/. My internet every once in a while (like every 2 hours disconnects) it happens on balloon TD all the time but it usually reconnects after 10 sec. in monopoly the whole game freezes and does not reconnect you forcing you to leave the app.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'MeAmora2424', 'title': 'Fix the BUGS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 1, 5, 54, 19), 'rating': 2, 'review': "The game is ok....you guys REALLY REALLY need to fix the glitches. I would also like to play with more REAL people than bots when selecting the online multiplayer. If I wanted to play with bots, I would've chose solo. Also when someone has, say one railroad, they'll make you pay that person 50 when they don't even have two railroads..just the one. Same for the utilities. One person had one utility and I rolled a 12 and landed on it and it charged me 120 dollars even though they only had ONE utility. I don't like to pay another player more than they are suppose to get, especially if I'm losing. I also would like to add, that I NEVER get to pass go on the first round...I end up going to jail twice before landing on go again and by then, everyone has bought up most of the properties...that's insane...and this happens EVERY game.", 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Zachomania42', 'title': 'Dice is rigged by Developers. Unfair advantages', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 2, 47, 32), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I have previously written reviews regarding this and a last experiment I did righteously proves the dice is rigged! The evidence I have witnessed and documented is so cumulative and flat out obvious it is appalling! To at least cast a shadow of a doubt that the dice is rigged/favorable towards AI, I setup a pass play game where I played all 4 characters. Get this: same exact issues as before with all 4 human characters I played as. LOL every roll was so unfair and no one after several turns had any clear advantage nor any progression. Every property owned was literally mixed: green, red, blue or purple, blue, green. It literally felt like leap frog!! I land here, you land here, I land here, you land here. Every roll I did with each character was garbage but so similar as if you were playing against the AI!! This game is clearly RIGGED by the developers. If you like getting screwed over and over again by them then this game is for you.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'massivebubba', 'title': 'Amazing game, too many glitches', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 18, 43, 56), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This is the perfect monopoly game with tons of potential. However it is beyond frustrating to be 25-30 mins into a game, right at the peak of the competition, and then it just freezes; resulting in the game having to be closed out and unfinished. There also have been times when my brother and I are playing in the same online game, when suddenly it shows on his game that I’m making trades/purchases that I didn’t and suddenly we essentially playing 2 different games. The online multiplayer seems to be largely made of AI and not real players, based on the specific and consistent trade offered that are made EVERY SINGLE TURN. This could be the best app ever, especially for only a few dollars. But until it stops freezing and actually makes the online multiplayer consistently with real people, it’s only a 1 star review. I’d love to change it to 5 stars once it’s fixed.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Hippieeit', 'title': 'Needs Serious Bug Fixes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 8, 9, 53, 5), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I love this game. Graphics are phenomenal. Game is fun. I would like to be able to chat using my own words, as opposed to only being able to select from options like ‘Hello!’, ‘Goodbye!’, and ‘Hurry Up!’. But, that is far from my biggest annoyance.\n\nThis game is full of bugs. I am able to complete maybe 1 out of every 7-8 games I start. The others glitch out at some point, causing a complete pause on the game and the entire thing is just frozen. I assume it happens to all players in the game as some will use the chat options for a few minutes to indicate they are still there and waiting but we all eventually give up and exit the game. \n\nThere needs to be a way to see the status’s of each player so we know if we’re playing against AI, if a player has been kicked out due to unresponsiveness, etc. This would likely help the players know sooner whether we’re dealing with an app glitch or a player that is not responding. \n\nBiggest feature request: score keeping. I want a log of how many games won and lost, running totals of rent paid and earned, etc. and I want to see this information for the players I’m in a game with. \n\nBut, before we work on features, please fix the bugs. Who cares about features when you can’t even finish a game as it is?', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Oli Handal', 'title': 'Don’t buy this BETA game! With ridiculous $$ in app purchases', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 23, 26, 42), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Do not buy now, I made my mother and father buy this for their ipads. They are over seas in Spain, and we CAN NEVER PLAY without getting disconnected. There isn’t even an option to reconnect to the game and you end up losing all your time and having a worst time than if you never played to start with. Unacceptable :/ and ontop of that they try to rip you off with the different board packs and totems, they cost more than some impressive pc games... they should refund or at least unlock all for the BETA testers that we are.  And this is the same with all the games included in the bundle, 4 of them, thay all ask for you to pay to unlock basic content for an expensive to star with board game.  Unacceptable!! Please reply to us regarding this manner or offer a refund as we will not spend more hours under this quarantine getting mad over a game.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'gamer1986!!!', 'title': 'Losing Algorithm', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 10, 9, 57, 31), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I wanted to like this so much, and to be fair, the graphics are great and the automation of all game elements/rules/banking is convenient. BUT - I am not exaggerating when I say that a solo game (against even “easy mode” virtual players) has caused me to lose EVERY TIME. Literally every time out of dozens of games. By a landslide. I’m talking, me pulling the worst Chance/Community cards, hitting Tax EVERY TIME, and fighting through the game with less than $100 in my bankroll. All while the virtual players are dancing across the board, skipping over all my developments, generating bank rolls over $2,000-3,000. It doesn’t even seem mathematically plausible that a human play could have SUCH bad luck consistently after 30+ games. There’s clearly something wrong with this algorithm. I have to stop playing and delete this app. It’s just not fun if you can’t even win once.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Ms.Grace64', 'title': 'Enjoyable but could use MAJOR improvement', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 4, 51, 24), 'rating': 1, 'review': '*Edit\nOne star until they fix the issue where it crashes half way through games all the time. Playing a game of Monopoly is too much of an investment to tolerate this.\n\nI love this take on classic Monopoly! It’s great to be able to play with anyone, anytime, anywhere. For the most part it’s very similar to playing the real thing. My complaints are that is seems the dice is rigged. The likelihood of rolls that would naturally happen mathematically is wrong for this digital dice. The dice also seem to favor the computer players. It would be really nice to have an option to skip watching all the graphics or even skip watching computer players turns all together. App developers have fixed issues like these in the past so hopefully there will be more improvements. Overall if you are fan of the original game you will enjoy this!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'random user guy', 'title': 'A little too buggy to enjoy.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 8, 23, 51, 9), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Literally just got done playing my first game and got robbed of a quick win three different times due to the app locking up. This happened every time an A.I landed on one of my properties and had to sell hotels in order to make cash. I believe it was because there were no houses left to buy, so hotels couldn’t be sold, but the A.I. was still able to sell them and the game would break immediately after doing so (since this isn’t a possible move in monopoly). I basically had to make sure I kept buying hotels just so houses could be available for the game to figure out that it lost. Managed to win still, but a game that doesn’t even know how to handle its own rules doesn’t give me high hopes to keep playing, especially if there are more bugs that I’ve yet to discover still.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'ji274815382', 'title': 'Great game, few problems.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 14, 21, 15), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is honestly a very good, classic remake of the original monopoly, and i couldn’t resist the urge to buy it. A few problems i had, however, was the fact that the game kept freezing, constantly. In the middle of the game, for no reason, a person “decides” not to move at all when it is there turn. Either put a timer or fix the freezing problem. Second of all, the dice do not seem random. I always have the dice roll me to jail or on something else that i never wanted, if the odds are that it really was random, then thats bad luck, but there is a few reviews that are complaining about the same problem.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Sammy I am 109976', 'title': 'Playing the actual game alone is better', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 2, 54, 7), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Largely classic play with two huge disadvantages that make it maddening: 1) with single player, you can’t select the number of opponents (it’s always three other players so you spend an obscene amount of time waiting around for “players” to go.) It’s be nice if I could select to play against 2 or 3 players if I wanted to; and 2) If you have to mortgage, you can’t select what you mortgage (a serious strategic move for EVERY player), instead it selects what you mortgage to pay your debt with no options (e.g. I owned the two big ones no one lands on but it forced me to mortgage hotels on the ones people always land on...I lost quickly after that.) It seems like the people who made this version never actually played the game. Won’t play again but I guess they got my money so who cares, right?', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15195580, 'body': 'Hi Sammy, thank you for taking the time to write us your feedback.\n\nI am happy to inform you that Monopoly does feature the ability to choose a single A.I. opponent when starting a Single Player game, as you are not forced to keep adding A.I. until the lobby is full. Simply tap "Add AI" in the card next to you and then "Start Game".\n\nIn regards to mortgaging, the game absolutely does not choose the properties for you unless their combined value was lower than the debt you had to pay. However, it is possible that you experienced a glitch so I have asked the QA team to keep an eye out for this. \nAs avid Monopoly players ourselves, we take great pride in this game which we will continue to develop for years to come. Lots of fun new features and further fixes are coming so we hope that you\'ll decide to give the game another shot!\n\nThanks again and please do not hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com should you wish to discuss things further in a more direct channel.', 'modified': '2020-05-08T15:27:00Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': '2schmitt6', 'title': 'Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 13, 6, 14, 3), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'My hubby and I love this Monopoly game!!! We play the quick game a lot!!! But I have emailed this company twice now about the AI being allowed to roll a double to get out of jail free, and then get a second roll. Us “humans” do not get the second roll after getting out of jail free from rolling a double. It has cost me “money” several times!! Plus it us just not fair! The emails sent from company, both times said they would advice the department and get that fixed. Well, not yet after a month! \n\nThe QUICK game is fun! The graphics are good! But PLEASE fix the AI getting second roll after rolling a double to get out of jail free on the quick game!!! Very frustrating!!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'bill$99', 'title': 'Well done!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 24, 19, 2), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This a very well designed and executed program that very faithfully implements the classic Monopoly board game, even improving upon it by removing some of the more tedious steps (counting currency, moving pieces, etc). In addition you can use the “quick” version that assumes there will be a winner in 45-60 min. I’m 73 and am having fun playing with my grown kids who are far remote from me now. At $3.99 it is well worth the price. If you don’t have someone to play with, you can either play with AI bots or with global anonymous real players or combinations of friends and bots. And if you think Monopoly isn’t a challenge, wait till the expert bot cleans your clock a few times.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16203836, 'body': "Hi Bill! Thank you for your review and kind words! We are very happy to happy that you like our game and that you can play with your sons. I bet it must fun to beat them in the game :)! We are here for you, and please don't hesitate to send us an email with questions or concerns to help@marmalademail.com ", 'modified': '2020-06-25T00:18:00Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'EmLottFOXtrot', 'title': 'Almost there', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 6, 7, 42), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Great game but needs a few tweaks. 1. Since you can’t exit the app, it’d be nice to have a chat option available. 2. The animations tend to prolong an already lengthy game, an option to turn off animations would be beneficial. 3. Also a timer or something when it’s someone’s turn. If they time out then they just lose their turn. 4. The game is freezing a lot. 5. The games seem rigged, nothing feels random. Way too many people going to jail. Over and over and over again. Landing only on chance & community chest cards. 6. The dice cheat. I have rolled a number several times but it won’t move my piece the correct amount...Hopefully everyone’s suggestions are considered and the bugs get fixed. I enjoy the app when it works properly. Which is rare.', 'isEdited': False}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kristi10', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is absolute garbage for a game you have to buy. It’s far too simplistic, major classic Monopoly features are missing, and the glitches are frequent and game breaking. One glitch is to just wipe all your current game data and leave you to start a new game which is devastating when you have already sunk hours into a game. Then finally the cherry on the garbage shake is the VIP for this game is over $20!!!! That’s right! Not only are you BUYING a simple version of monopoly but then they expect you to spend another $20+ just to get the full game!!!!\n\nThis has destroyed Hasbro’s image for me and I will not be buying anything from them again!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 8, 20, 49), 'title': 'Terribly built and expensive VIP'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jroja321', 'rating': 2, 'review': "I have yet to be able to complete an entire game. It freezes every time or starts me in a game with nobody. There are so many bugs... The dice don't appear, pieces disappear, games freeze between turns or completely, and more. I also hate the fact that you have to finish the game in one sitting. If I want to play with my friends I don't want to have to drop everything to play. There should be options to play as you can and have multiple games going rather than one at a time. Also MAKE A PROFILE SYSTEM! I want to track stats. See properties I land on most often. How many houses or hotels I've bought in my career. An overall leaderboard. Total money earned. Placing ratios. Etc. give me stats!!! I preordered this game and paid money. want my money's worth not buyers remorse. Fix the bugs first! At least let me finish a game.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 4, 57, 17), 'title': 'Fixe this problems please', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12321161, 'body': " Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback and are very happy to tell you that we are already working on some of the features you mentioned. A lot of other cool features are in the works as well! Regarding the bugs, we offer you our apologies - our QA and programming teams are chasing them all down as we speak. \nPlease don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any other suggestions or concerns.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T15:28:29Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MystryMoose', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Great game, lots of fun, easy to use, got it this week and have played several times—but in two of our “online with friends” games (once with 4 people, the other time with three players), in the middle of a match, one of the players’ “end turn” button disappeared but the game didn’t register that their turn was over, leaving the game in limbo without the dice being offered up to the next player. We tried to trick the game back into action by making having the affected player try to make a trade, or sell houses, exit out of the app and reconnect, to see if we could get their “end turn” button to come back, but nothing like that worked.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 4, 0, 18), 'title': 'End turn button disappearing'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Garciahector94', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'For a game that you pay to play. For starters it doesn’t now allow you to communicate with other players online even though we pay 4.99 for it plus all the additional things they try and sell you in game. Then there is the fact that the game doesn’t recognize what a fair trade is and by this I mean when you’re playing multiplayer and someone knows their going to lose they will randomly just sell all their properties to another player for the price of one monopoly dollar. Then you can’t report the sore losers who are doing things like this and you can’t tell them anything besides the buttons your forced to try and communicate with another human being which is crap like “wow”, “well done”, “goodbye”, “yes”, “no” and etc... I so want my money back from this game it is a complete letdown to what the original in person experience and monopoly name.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 5, 1, 13, 19), 'title': 'The reality about this game'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KellBell86', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This is a great game except for some serious flaws:\n1) if you’re playing with friends (which is why I bought it), it’s very difficult to start a game (you have to add a AI player first, then delete that player later), otherwise it won’t let your friend join the game. \n2) the biggest flaw is that if you or your friend leaves the game, even for a second to check something else on your phone, an AI player takes over for you. I wanted a game that I didn’t have to commit large chunks of time to and could play with friends throughout the day. This game is not it. Now my friend and I have no idea what happened with our game because the AI players took over and finished it. \n3) the AI players are very annoying as they repeatedly request to swap properties, turn after turn after turn. It makes playing with an AI player not fun at all. \nStick with the actual board game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 18, 16, 36), 'title': 'Not worth it'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lmds8', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'After playing the game several times, I can confidently say that this app definitely needs bug fixing with the CONSTANT random freezes. You’re in the middle of the game and it will freeze out of nowhere and leave you in a forever limbo of “reconnecting”. This is apart from the fact that it freezes if you get a low battery notification on your phone. It’s extremely frustrating and disappointing that this has not been fixes yet, even though older reviewers mention the same things as well. It would also help to have at least a chat function (although FaceTime would be much nicer) in the version where you’re playing with online with friends. \n\nI had been recommending this app frequently to other friends but will not be doing so anymore. Unless the developers fix the app soon, it’s not worth your money.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 6, 28, 30), 'title': 'Great game but will constantly freeze'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ApexNV', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Monopoly is my favorite board game IRL and I purchased this app to be able to play whenever I want because I can’t always find a good amount of people to play a full game. Of course this means that multiplayer was the main reason I purchased this app. It was literally unplayable in the beginning, I could not load into a game no matter how many time I tried. I figured it was the launch so bugs are expected and I assumed that such a well known company would be quick to fix a game especially since they began offering in game purchases right off of launch. I purchased the season pass because I love the Monopoly board game and wanted to support the name and devs. However, the multiplayer is a complete disappointment. I have yet to finish a game and it seems like they have made little efforts to fix it and I genuinely regret buying the season pass... lesson learned I guess.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 11, 15, 9), 'title': 'Multiplayer is unplayable', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12343872, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.\r", 'modified': '2019-12-11T17:29:19Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Matt Lindsey', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'If you enjoy spending an hour getting halfway into Monopoly then quitting this game is for you! The server will randomly disconnect your games and leave everyone hanging wondering what’s going on. You are just starting at the board with no indication that the game has been totally hosed. This is frustrating because I really wanted to like this game. Also, I wish there was a leaderboard or history or Game Center integration. Maybe how many times everyone has one or a winning streak, something interesting. Also fix the Chance and Community chest cards It’s not pay $10 or $50 to the bank FOR every player it’s $50 TO them. Also, stop charging $100 fir luxury tax. Bird is $75. Also, allow custom rules for online games. At least Free parking. I know that adds variations, but a couple most common would be nice.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 1, 3, 57, 41), 'title': 'Classic Rules, classic failure'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CamilleA2001', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The game cheats. I was playing with a computer and I landed on Community Chest 3 times and got the same card each time. The computer never landed on Community Chest so we could not have gone through all the cards. I got the same school tax of $50 each time I landed there. The cards never shuffled through and when the computer finally hit Community Chest he got a different card. The game also moves you more spaces than the dice say sometimes and when you roll a double out of jail without paying the 50 they let you roll again even though you are not suppose to roll again if you roll a double out of jail. Although it does not do that all the time, the game picks and chooses when they will let someone roll again after rolling a double out of jail. If it were not for these cheats I would have given the game 5 stars but the cheats make playing unfair.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 28, 20, 25, 54), 'title': 'Cheats'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Eega07', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I have loved playing this game with my family growing up. I decided to spend $3.99 to buy it on my phone to be able to enjoy playing now that I am in college. I love playing this game and it is a classic take on the original board game, but it is constantly glitching. You’re in the middle of a great game, and then all of a sudden it stops working. Either it disconnects you from the game, or it’s your turn and you can roll or click anything, or your opponents glitch and you have to exit the game because you can’t do anything. Especially with the longer games (because we all know how long a game can go!) it’s very irritating when this happens. I only wrote this review after it happening 7 games in a row. I paid money for this game, it’s not just another free game in the App Store.\n\nThank you', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 1, 29, 7), 'title': 'Great Game, Until it glitches'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Crissie0602', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I love being able to play monopoly with my family and friends who don’t live close by , but for $4.99 you expect the app to be near perfect but it’s not ! Every time I play with family on online friends the game disconnects which is super frustrating when they have had already been going on for long and players have great properties, please fix this bug ! Also you should be able to come out the game to text and be able to come back when it’s your turn again without having the game completely disconnect you. I think also in games with friends/family the developer should add a text/chat bar where you can chat with the players on the game . Just my opinion on things that can be better , overall cool app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 2, 17, 16, 51), 'title': 'Keeps canceling'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'weastshane', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game is overall great. Just like regular monopoly. Only problem is when playing with friends. Our WiFi and network are perfectly fine until the game bugs out forcing us to completely restart a game that we already put an hour or so into. With the amount of games that broke on us there is a 25% success rate of a completed game. Which is very very bad considering monopoly is know for its prolonging games. All I ask is that someone looks into this and fixes the problem. Perhaps a rejoin able game, if lagged out. We should not have to completely restart a game. Consider the cost for such a game I am expecting this problem to be dealt with. Overall the game is good and really enjoy playing with my friends the time it is working.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 4, 41, 31), 'title': 'Keep disconnecting with friends'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Adam.E.Chartrand', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Who doesn’t like Monopoly? Classically fun game! Easy to use interface. Ability to play with friends and family. \n\nHowever, there is a MAJOR flaw in the software/operating system. If you receive any notification on your phone while playing and you check the notification you will be disconnected from the game. If you receive a phone call (even if you reject the phone call), you will be disconnected from the game. If you try to swipe to change the brightness on your phone, you will be disconnected from the game. This means you have to start an entirely new game and lose any progress from the current game — beyond frustrating.\n\nPlease fix this!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 19, 20, 11, 36), 'title': 'Classically fun game. NEEDS major updates.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'FluffyEric', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'You can’t finish a game with real people because the game constantly breaks.  The AI is a laughable joke playing single player and it’s pretty much impossible for you to lose when you figure out how the AI works.  It goes like this:  the AI will always accept your trade request if you’re offering a higher value property for one of their lower value ones.  So say you have two of the light blue properties and one of the yellow properties.  The computer will trade with you and give you the light blue property in exchange for your yellow property even though it means giving you a color set.  The AI will also break its own color set and give you one of their three orange cards (if they haven’t put any houses on it) if you just offer then a higher value property.  It’s really a joke and makes the game really unfun.  The AI does this whether it’s set to easy medium or hard.  Very disappointed in this app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 1, 37, 24), 'title': 'Pretty bad.'}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'nickanme111', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Game freezes when loading and halfway through the game consistently. It also lacks any sort of customizable rules like previous online/app versions have had. It also doesn’t have basic features such as win percentage or a consistent profile. Considering this cost money and wasn’t a free download, basic bugs should be fixed and the ability to customize games like in previous versions should be available. Very poor game considering Monopoly is one of the most popular board games around. Disappointed I wasted money on this but hoping it improves with time.\n\nEdit* I wrote this review originally about 2 months ago. Nothing has changed. I honestly feel the reason this game has such a high rating is due to bots. IT DOESNT WORK. I’m irritated I paid for this game and I’m irritated that such a big brand can get away with such a crappy game. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 5, 2, 44), 'title': 'Works 1/3 of the time', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12342627, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update soon! Regarding your suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. We already have many cool features planned for the coming updates! Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.\r\nThank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-11T15:55:03Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lailaclaudia', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I LOVE MONOPOLY! There are a few things with this app that I think could make a HUGE difference on being able to enjoy it. When I play ticket to ride on my iPad if someone calls or my iPad dies I can just reopen the app and it has my game waiting for me ( for a certain amount of time) while playing other people. I hate being in the middle of a game and then it ending because an notification  / freeze/ phone call. Having a score of how many wins would be awesome to compare to other players you’re playing and being able to message other players is awesome it’s on ticket to ride as well. Those updates would make a world of difference. All of these things are in other board game apps so they shouldn’t be hard to implement.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 16, 6, 23, 18), 'title': 'Could be better'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'zliw163$', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Do not buy this game. Not real gameplay. When someone figures out they don’t have a good chance at winning, or they don’t like someone because they didn’t trade with them, the person sells all their properties and trades all their cash to one player for a worthless property as to give that person a distinct advantage of winning the game, therefore ruining the game for the other players. It always happens. Someone gets salty and ruins the game for everybody. \nHasbro needs to set up a tournament style play and give rewards for placing in tournament. That way people have a reason to try for third or second place finishing because they get points for it. Or some other way to keep people from ruining the games. Until they do something gameplay is not fair ever, people always get salty and ruin the game. You will spend the money, play for a week and say forget this.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 21, 27, 23), 'title': 'Monopoly'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Drblk4life', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I have played this game 20 times now...on easy...and have won once. The AI is so rigged it’s not funny. The cards favor AI almost every time, and I’m constantly having to pay out. I played with the “Land on start collect $400” rule on...landed on it once in 20 games...while the AI constantly hits. If I landed on go as much as I land on go to jail, I’d never go bankrupt. The AI constantly passes over my properties with houses/hotels, but I land on theirs. I have to sell the houses to raise money, then get $26 here, or $18 there from them landing on my other properties. Maybe I get lucky and collect $200 for passing go...if I don’t land in jail. Then I buy a house or two and hope they land on it. They don’t...they skip right over every time, but here I go landing on their property with 3 houses and have to raise $500. Where am I supposed to get that if I NEVER collect rent. It’s ridiculous! What a waste of money!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 8, 18, 1, 2), 'title': 'Very disappointed!!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'RichieT94', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Please do something to those who randomly quit/abandon (Online) the game because they realize their pattern is gonna lose. And please offer something nice to the winner. \n\nIt’s not fair. When you spent your time actually playing this game and when you are for sure gonna win or close to winning and people start to quit the game because they know their patterns are gonna lose, then left you unable to continue the game and don’t get any prizes whatsoever. Instead, you’ll just have to force quit the unfinished game (wasting your time) and let those people get away from their crime. It’s really not fair. Please do something about it. Thanks \n\n(Punishment can be such as players are unable to play the game for two to three days)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 5, 49, 47), 'title': 'People Randomly Quit in the Middle of the Game'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'RedLineToBraintree', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Single player game is not random and the results are predetermined. Bots make horrible trades with each other that give away the game. Also, there are too many graphics that drain the battery quickly without adding anything to gameplay. Graphics also negatively affect gameplay by lagging so you mortgage/unmortgage incorrectly or put the wrong number of houses on properties or on the wrong properties. Needs an undo button for that or a much clearer and faster way to add houses. \n\nUpdate: multiplayer seems to be rigged too. Really very frustrating. Developers are conning you into spending money, but then deliver this awful version. Hasbro should be embarrassed. This is hurting their brand. Since writing this negative review the game seems to be especially stacked against me. The only reason I still have this is because I paid for it. Wish I could get a refund.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 19, 34, 58), 'title': 'Waste of money'}, {'review': 'Absolutely love it! I am in NY and I have tried almost every game while I stay inside. This has been the only game that has kept my interest, I can play this for hours :) and feel quite accomplished making a strategy and winning. The graphics are good, and overall  design easy to understand. Yes, there are times it freezes, but I just get out of the window, and it reconnects again. I mainly use an iPad to play this game. I am quite happy I got this game, and now I am able to play with other ppl, apart from friends, and in different size parties. THANK YOU!!! It’s really fighting against my boredom 💗💗💗', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Buy it! Found my new love for winning', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 3, 57, 10), 'userName': 'chrispanda1', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I bought this game 3 weeks ago and I play everyday. I only play the computer because that’s the only time I can get a full game in with out it freezing up. \nEvery time I play online, I can play for 5 minutes then it freezes up and kicks me off of I can play for 30 and kicks me off. I’ve played probably 50 online games and was only able to finish 7 games. The rest of he 43 games I’ve been kicked off. Something needs to change big time with the bug issue this game has. This game is not worth the couple bucks it cost to play. If anything it should be free to play because of all the issues. I play a lot of free games on my phone and not one of them has issues like this game does. \nDo I like the game of monopoly? Yes it’s my favorite game, but after playing the game on this app I get so upset because it freezes up.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bug issue playing online', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 17, 20, 39), 'userName': 'cotnwood', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I love this game, the graphics are great, you can play alone, with friends, or online. I love there are different boards and whatnot you can buy. \nMy only issue is that it does not connect to social media so I can not play with friends from there or invite them nor does it carry over to the app on other devices. I play on both my iPhone and iPad but they are not connected. I would love to buy the Season Pass to get all the various boards and tokens but I won’t until I can use the season pass on all my devices. That’s really my biggest disappointment as I can use any device for Clue and Battleship. Not sure why Monopoly is different.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love everything but 1 thing about this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 27, 2, 19, 42), 'userName': 'Pooh18ast', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I’ve been enjoying this game for the past few days since purchase.  But just as I was to get a big payout from the bot player, it froze, and I received no money. After occurring again in the same game with the same bot, I’m writing this review of complaint. \n\nThe game has frozen several times in recent days, but that was when I wasn’t owed money and I was able to resume game after closing app and returning. \n\nNow that I’m owed big money, when I close app and return to game, the money NEVER  gets to me but the game picks up where I left off. This is frustrating and a time waster since you never know when it will freeze again thereby not allowing you to win.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It Freezes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 1, 20, 52, 28), 'userName': 'Corithian10', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'A lot of times when somebody lands on a railroad they have to pay more then they’re supposed to (for example if somebody has two railroads you’re supposed to pay 50 but instead you end up paying 100, if they have three railroads instead of paying hundred you pay 200). \n\nAlso, one time I got disconnected because I accidentally swiped up a little and it went home but when it reconnected it said that I would join back in the next turn but the AI froze and didn’t play for me so we all had to leave the game. \n\nBut other than that it’s a good looking game just wish that the bugs with online were fixed (I was playing online with friends if you need to know) because they’re annoying.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very good but it’s buggy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 4, 28, 20), 'userName': 'ChrisSan1503', 'rating': 3}, {'review': '1. When I accidentally click out, the app stops and basically freezes your ability to push anything. Then tells you that you will come back on your next play. But this isn’t always okay to do, for example, I was going to mortgage a home and clicked the bar on the screen (using the iPhone bar at the bottom of the screen that takes you out of your page). Well it froze and told me to wait until my turn but it didn’t let anyone else play either because I hadn’t picked my mortgage properties yet. So everyone is frozen and forced to exit the game. \n\nSay if someone’s phone died, the game would not tell you that, that person has left the game. It would just freeze all players moves and that’s it. You would have to quit', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not as well made as I thought', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 13, 21, 46), 'userName': 'Jel2614', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This game gives a great experience for Monopoly lovers with multiple game modes and in play graphics. Also helps newbies to understand the game rules fast. I prefer to play in Online mode than AI because players get more realistic with interesting trades.\n\nHowever Online mode get really painful, even with good internet connection the game freezes in the middle and doesn’t recover. It gives no other option except to exit. This gets so annoying as we spend lot of time on one game. I’m expecting better user experience since this not a free app and had to pay for it.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great app for this game, but “Play Online” option becomes painful', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 28, 6, 54, 58), 'userName': 'iPad Kar', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Okay my friends & I bought this game each on our cell phones so that way we can play online together during this quarantine & it’s been so so fun! Like we’ve been playing non stop every day like 3-4 games a day sometimes more (you know these games are long too) depending on if the game ends up freezing or not which it does pretty often & it’s very frustrating. Please please fix this problem because we’ll be in the middle of a game & it freezes so then we would have to start a new game 🙄 I think it’s ridiculous that we paid $3.99 for this game to freeze here & there when I have games on my phone that are free & don’t freeze at all. \n\nFix this problem please, otherwise I do love this game. It’s so addicting! 😂', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Freezes too much', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 17, 50, 3), 'userName': 'Leila 07', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'How many times am I going to get screwed by this game. I was just trying to have fun but I ran into some inconsistencies.. How in the world do the dice favor the AIs so much. I can’t believe how many times these dice have screwed me out of a fun game. I know I’m not going to get them to land on my properties all the time but when I consistently land on opponents properties and they LITERALLY miss all of my properties  at least 14 times in a row. Can we get some more “random” numbers because it seems awfully convenient that I always land on an opponents space and they don’t hit mine nearly as often. Fix it, then I will re-download it.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'FIX THE DICE!!!: They Fixed the Dice!! Lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 19, 25, 25), 'userName': 'Btomasko', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'This would be an awesome game app except for a few issues:\n\n1) About 1/3 of the time the app freezes in the middle of the game forcing the game to end. \n\n2) About 80% of the time I get last place when the die are rolled to see who will go first. This seems off statistically. I can live with this issue though. \n\n3) I suspect sometimes that there are bots playing when you are supposed to be playing against live players. It’s super frustrating. You can see it when deals are made. The deals work out the same way the deals are made when you play single player against the computer. I’d rather wait in the queue for live players than have a bot skew the whole game. I guess the app creator’s idea of multiplayer includes bots, but it can ruin a whole game. Half the fun of the deal is the emotional investment behind it. You can also figure out the bots because they add houses and make deals WAY too fast, and they constantly offer you the same deal over and over even though you keep refusing it. \n\n4) A real chat feature would be nice or at least add a few more declaratives or reactions (i.e. laugh).', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Could Be Improved', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 14, 1, 13, 21), 'userName': 'Eustacia6', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'The game it self if fun to play. However, I have encounter some bugs like when a player looses you might end up taking on their profile and now you can’t build, mortgage or trade with other player, because the computer thinks that your are the player that lost even though you are still in the game receiving money and rolling the dices with your profile. Another one is when you accidentally get out of the game screen and come back right way, you end up in a loading screen reconnect to the game but unable to play, specially if it is your turn to play, stoping you and your friends from continuing the game and starting all over again. Besides, the game is not free to play and so you don’t expect this type of bugs.\n\nIt could be better.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It has a lot of bugs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 9, 17, 53, 44), 'userName': 'bigbills21', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I got this app to play with my siblings, however, we have not been able to play a single game. The app kept stating that the host, my brother, had to update their app and when he did, the same error message popped up. Turns out the rest of us had to update but the error message was showing incorrect information. \n\nAfter we all updated the app, I received an error message stating that there was no internet connection even though I was using WiFi for other apps and my laptop. I turned off WiFi to use my data instead and double checked that data was turned on for this app. The same error message stating there is “no internet connection” is still showing up. \n\nWe spent over 45 minutes to get this app to work. Do not get this app as it is a waste of time and money. Very disappointed.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Nonfunctioning App - Do Not Buy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 3, 19, 45), 'userName': 'jk3295', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Not sure how so many people could be giving good reviews unless Monopoly fans are just happy to be able to play and don’t care how it’s played.  The dice rolls are so unrealistic, and that’s coming from someone who has taken and easily passed statistics classes. So predictable that I was able to name dice rolls to start the game.\n\nIt seems like I’m either being allowed to win or the AI is being favored.  I don’t want either.  I just want to be able to play a normal, natural game of Monopoly.  Instead I threw away money on a game I won’t play now.   Then, on top of it, they want more money ($7) for a different theme than what the game itself cost to buy.  Unreal.\n\nIf you just really like to play Monopoly and don’t care if it’s manipulated then get the game.  If you want it to feel like a real game then don’t waste your money.  Other Monopoly options out there aren’t any better either.  I’m still waiting for a decent one to show up.\n\nIf you want to make the game harder or easier for people then make the AI more or less intelligent with their decisions but to manipulate dice rolls is goofy.  I don’t need to be helped or hindered in that fashion.  My ego can handle me losing and doesn’t need assistance to win to make it feel better.  Enjoy my money.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Are the good reviews real?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 17, 1, 31), 'userName': 'S. I. Newton', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I played 3 classic games in a row and about 15 mins in the game would freeze and never unfreeze. If this was a rare thing I wouldn’t care but it happened my first 3 games and because of this I can never finish my games and it’s so frustrating. And when it freezes it freezes on on players screens and you have to leave because it will never unfreeze. Also a chat system would be nice in the future so you can chat with your opponents. And add a timer in multiplayer so people don’t have 10 mins on 1 move.\nIf all that was fixed this game would be 5 stars but for now it’s 1 Star since I can’t even finish a single game without it freezing...', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game freezes and doesn’t unfreeze', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 28, 2, 2, 9), 'userName': 'The_Slayer_77', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Okay so I’ve been playing this game for a couple weeks now. The app will glitch in the middle of a match and I’ll have no choice but to quit the game. Which is very disappointing especially if I’m far into the game. I’ve played 5 times today and it happened EVERY match.  I figured the update would solve this problem, but it seems like it’s only gotten worse. I would also have more of an incentive to play it if I leveled up or something after so many wins. There’s other maps and pieces you can choose but you have to pay more money (actual money, not monopoly money). It’d also be nice to have a chat so that I can communicate with the other players when I’m playing against random people online. In my opinion, the original board game is better and the creators of this app have some serious bugs to fix. Save your money.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'GLITCHES', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 6, 15, 12), 'userName': 'Abby-12:)', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'After a few games I ALWAYS eventually find someone that thinks it’s funny to sit there and not make a move to waste everybody’s time. This was expected when I downloaded the game. However, I’m upset that the game doesn’t have some type of timer or a way to detect when someone isn’t doing anything. There should also be a limit on trade time. I’ve seen two people counter each other’s trade for 20 minutes and end up not even agreeing on a trade. Other than that, which most of the time doesn’t happen, the game is really funny and moves a lot quicker than the actual board game but still maintains the same game play, it’s just online.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Only one issue', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 0, 41, 59), 'userName': 'Haydenthesmall', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'First off the game is noticeably rigged. (Surprise right). Any time I put the computer difficulty to Medium and above, 95% of the time I’m the last to roll and when I do half the time I land on 200$ tax my first roll. Second I wanted to see if it was possible to own all properties on the board, it is, but as soon as I got to that point I went to jail my next 10+ turns in a row whether it was from landing on chance, 3 doubles, or landing on the man himself. I kid you not I spent 10 minutes straight going to jail. The only thing difficulty should control is trading/managing properties, not taking the random aspect out of the game and rigging it against you. Can’t tell you how frustrating it is rolling last on 90% of games and getting screwed over on every chance and chest landing.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Decent game but has problems', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 9, 19, 39, 28), 'userName': 'Diwjcjaj', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This game is good. If you play single player mode (computer) the game is kind of fixed. Every time I get to free parking I roll a 10 and get sent to jail. I was sent to jail four times in a row, don’t matter where you are on that row. They have to fix it, you get sent to jail at least 3-4 times per game. I’ve played about 30 full games already.  This last game that I just played, the game froze as I was winning and closing out the game, taking control of ALL of my opponents assets. So I closed the app and opened it back up, my opponent (the computer) had his property back and was beating me. Lol. I don’t know what’s up but If they fix the small things the game would be great.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fix it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 13, 13, 59, 32), 'userName': 'bigdogchat', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Great mobile adaption of the board game. I would rate this app 5 stars if the developer’s took into account that most screens use in display home buttons rather than an actual push button. Anytime I’m playing in landscape on my 11 pro, if I slip and swiped the home key I log out of the game or if I check a notification. Once that happens a screen reading “reconnecting” shows up. Sometimes it allows me to just reconnect once my next turn comes up but other times it will just says “reconnecting” and never lets me log back in. It’s extremely frustrating. It would be great if online mode was a little more fluid throughout ALL devices.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'software issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 4, 20, 29, 47), 'userName': 'user_name: 123', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'My friends and I all purchased this app to be able to play together. I don’t get the inability to leave the game without being replaced by a computer. Even worse, say you accidentally leave (you touch a banner that comes down, swipe up or down)when buying houses or hotels.... the game FREEZES that player in limbo and the whole game is RUINED. We all know a game doesn’t just take 5 minutes so to lose over an hour of play is just plain ridiculous when you pay for the app. Also, why no in game chat?! If we can’t leave the app to text one another while playing then you need to have an alternative. This was a lot of let down for something you pay to use. If it was free...whatever. This really needs revamped. Are you at all working the the constant freezing issue that keeps destroying games?!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Freezing is Unreal', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 28, 18, 20, 49), 'userName': 'Stanner4772685', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Monopoly is my all time favorite game (which is weird considering I believe real-life Capitalism to be of the Devil).   It’s been fun to practice learning new strategies.  If you want to get better before playing others you can play the computer which takes pressure off while building new skill sets.  You can leave and come back too, which for this game, is a critical feature.  The graphics really are beautiful.  It’s been nice having my “comfort game,” in my pocket.  It’s brought a sense of normalcy to my days, which is huge considering the uncertain times in which we live.  I’ve really appreciated it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 13, 31, 7), 'title': 'Comfort While Building Skill', 'userName': 'Artist tracker', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This app is great but I have one suggestion that will make this game even better maybe what you can do is there could be something to type messages in like hen we’re playing so we can get to know our opponent better and it’s would be a great way to express our feelings to other players and build relationships\nIt would be more fun that way more people would play this game if it had  some sort of chat 💭 \nAlso it’s annoying when we’re playing a great game and then the battery dies and it doesn’t save it for us could you fix that please. Please listen to my suggestions it would make this game more fun and more worth our while.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 6, 59, 59), 'title': 'Suggestions', 'userName': 'GabbaChris', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is an amazing version of monopoly that since downloading have been playing a lot I have so much fun when the multiplayer runs smoothly but recent updates have bumped my 5 stars down to 4, I haven’t been able to get through a game in days now without either being disconnected from the lobby due to connection quality when I have very good internet and sometimes mid game it just stops where no one can take their turn not frozen because the environment around the board is still moving but the games not doing anything at all, which is annoying but if these issues were fixed I’d be right back to 5 stars.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 10, 8, 25, 46), 'title': 'Almost perfect', 'userName': 'Nyyfan167', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s fun but there are a lot of bugs. Sometimes the bugs make the game unplayable (like when the game just freezes). Sometimes the bugs let you give away all of your opponent’s money and properties to another player, without their consent!\n\nFor example, when one opponent (say, Cat) makes you a trade offer, you can hit the “counteroffer” button. Sometimes — perhaps 20% of the time — this results in your player getting replaced by another player (say, Dog) on the trading screen. When this happens you can create a counter offer *on behalf of Dog*, and Cat will have the opportunity to accept it. You can even (as is common) offer to give Cat all of Dog’s money and property.\n\nThis happens occasionally in multiplayer mode: you’ll be waiting for your turn, two other opponents will be trading, and all of the sudden all of YOUR money and properties will transfer to another player, and you don’t understand how. It’s because one of the other players has used this bug against you.\n\nI’ve also used this bug against other people (sorry) just to test it out. It’s super funny, but also shouldn’t be possible.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 4, 33, 18), 'title': 'Fun but LOTS of bugs', 'userName': 'Jfkdjeh', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12491638, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware of a glitch with trading, and we are working hard to fix the problem. Thank you very much for your detailed description of the problem - this has been passed on to our coders and QA, and will be very useful to us in tracking down the bug. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T15:19:52Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'My favorite board game will always be playing monopoly. However, this version seems to favor bots when it comes to dice rolls. I’ve played 10 games against bots and only won 1. It just seems like every time I invest my money in property, I always get bamboozled because they get dice rolls to miss them every time. Then it’s vice versa for the person because for some reason the dice rolls always makes it to where you land on their property and then you end up losing everything lol. It’s kinda amusing but annoying at the same time. Great animations, music, and cool game pieces you can buy. But I am kinda disappointed in the randomness of dice. Probably should be looked into if you don’t mind please. Thank you here’s 3 stars.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 27, 4, 54, 58), 'title': 'Dice randomness issue', 'userName': '69ing chip monks', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I havent played the online version but from looking at the reviews its not much better. I started playing monopoly bc im a little bored during this pandemic. At first playing the AI on easy was enjoyable of course. Won some games after getting comfortable with the rules and strategies but AS SOON as i turned the AI to medium it was a challenge to land on properties and for the past 8 GAMES i was the first one to bankrupt. 7 of the times i barely got a chance to land and own property and the last one i restarted the game over and over until i landed on property my first go around but still that wasnt enough bc the AI was able to get doubles and buy up the board as i was struggling with maybe two properties and forever landing on everybody else’s property..or chance spots..or community chest spots..or jail etc etc. its only $3 i think but I actually want it back lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 1, 3, 40, 32), 'title': 'AI is trash', 'userName': 'Defeat the bots', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I Love monopoly and have since I was a kid! this app really hits the spot it’s fun and addicting and the online features especially the “quick” mode is the best. My only issue is when a player goes bankrupt they are still allowed to trade off their properties to other players so the person they owe can’t get anything. This is really irritating and I think they should stop players from trading after a bankruptcy has been called. Outside of that it’s all around good game.\n\nUpdated review:\n\nPlease add a leaderboard that people can view and see top winners and also  a win counter/tracker that you can view how many games you’ve won', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 31, 2, 52, 35), 'title': 'Addictive and fun but it does have flaws', 'userName': 'Sept88', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I am so disappointed in this game app! I usually play the single player against the computer but this game is rigged! For example:  whichever token wins the toss to begin the game, that player always wins the game, all players seem to land on the Chance, Community Chest or Go To Jail spaces way too often and there are several properties that are never landed on. Very frustrating to say the least. It just doesn’t play like the actual board game I played as a kid. In addition, I think it stinks that you have to buy certain tokens. This game just isn’t worth that. The only thing I do like is the option of customizing some of the game rules such as money collected from the Chance and Community Chest goes into the Free Parking. Well, I sure hope they can fix these major issues I mentioned above. Then it would be a much better game app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 23, 36, 51), 'title': 'Not like the board game☹️', 'userName': 'Hufma', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16687135, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-07-17T04:59:29Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'We all love the game itself and the app is amazing. The game on iPad is the best way to play on the app. But there are certain frustrating things like tokens get lost when the game is zoomed out. When ever it’s my turn I am literally searching my token on board. May be colored tokens could solve it(just suggesting). Also, when we play on independent device. Some times the game gets stuck on end turn. Waiting infinitely for the player to end his/her turn. There should be some sort of timeout if there’s no activity from the player having turn. It should end turn on its own after the preset timer. And we need “all auction” game to play online.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 5, 17, 28, 9), 'title': 'I love the game but', 'userName': 'Shreyank0510', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is a payed game, and I can’t even enjoy it because it’s constantly glitching and lagging. I can’t get through one game with out a technical problem.\n\nAlso when ever you play a A.I. The bots always have an advantage, always land on all the properties, always miss others properties - and earn money. While us on the other hand constantly land on their properties, constantly having to pay fees, and never land on unowned properties. I feel the bots are just playing the players, always getting lucky. This game does not play fair, mostly. In favor of the A.I. bots. This. Needs to be fixed !!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 22, 16, 53), 'title': 'Has many issues.', 'userName': 'LexMex7', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'At first I thought the game was super fun but around 10 games in I started to notice the game would freeze from time to time and now you’re sitting there looking at a frozen screen and it forces you to quit and start a new game. This is specially annoying when you’re doing really well and it’s been a long game and the last few winning plays you can’t make because the game just freezes on you and you’re forced to quit. Not cool at all this needs fixing. Also I feel like i am playing with bots for most games since there is no way to tell that these are real people. No record, no interaction, nothing that lets me determine that I’m playing with another person. This also is a down side to the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 23, 20, 17, 50), 'title': 'Cool but not cool', 'userName': 'johanrrrrr', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love the animation and overall game play.  A couple recommendations:\n\n-Improve app recovery.  It freezes often, (as much as 50% of games on some days), which suggests that the individual game sessions are not logged during the game.  Players can invest as much as an hour before a game freezes, so that’s an hour lost if the game doesn’t automatically, elegantly recover...quite frustrating.  \n\n-Property ownership is identified by a player color.  When friends play often, it’s hard to remember that your color changes each game, so it’s confusing to see “your color” (from the last game) on properties you didn’t buy.  When starting a game among friends, players should be allowed to choose a character and player color.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 13, 2, 6, 1), 'title': 'Glitchy', 'userName': 'dmcguire05', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'First, the online multiplayer version has been freezing... more and more often. \n\nIt seems to happen to when a player build houses on pink and then ends his/her turn quickly. The timer won’t count down.  The game won’t move to the next player. The chat function still works. But players are left with only one option and that is to quit the game. \n\nSecond, is a game or rules flaw. If a player doesn’t have enough money to play a player or the bank they go bankrupt. However they should be given the option to trade (negotiate) before bankruptcy. Sometimes a player had many mortgaged properties other players would gladly pay for but this option isn’t given. \n\nThird, no one wants the community chest and change cards changed to new politically correct cards (there isn’t even anything wrong or offensive with the traditional ones). \n\nFourth, the dice are not random. The rolls are extremely predictable (most people in multiplayer don’t know you can shake the dice. They just tap the screen and drop them). \n\nFifth, the chat is limited. A few additional buttons like “trade” “?” And “welcome” would be appreciated.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 20, 5, 26, 52), 'title': 'Online games freeze', 'userName': 'Some apps suk balls', 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22378508, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your thorough feedback! Please know that I have shared your thoughts and concerns with our team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or concerns to share. Thank you for playing and apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2021-04-21T15:07:12Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Game is generally well done but, does feel like a bait and switch where the game is 5 dollars and every DLC is the same cost. All the boards and pieces that try to scam you for money is obscenely overpriced. \n\nI have literally stop playing the game due to the way the RNG system on the dice is generated, I will have to run the numbers... But is it statistically probable that every other game a person hit three doubles in a row? I also watch as the computers buy every property while I am hitting free parking and the tax squares multiple times in a game. It does not feel Radom.\n\nI had one game were the railroad, brown and light grey were all mine and I watched two rounds as each player hit community chest, income tax or chance. I ended up losing the game. Game should be fun, not consistently frustrating.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 18, 5, 5, 58), 'title': 'Game feels rigged.', 'userName': 'Nickname208T', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s a fun game, however, my game keeps freezing for no reason. I’ll buy a few houses and then I try to end my turn and it won’t work. Now everyone is telling me to hurry up, yet I can’t because the game won’t allow me to. No, it’s not my service because it works perfectly fine then out of no where freezes. Is it because someone leaves the game? If so, is there a way to change that?\n\nAnother thing, I feel like we pay $5 for a game that restricts us to do a lot. We can’t even use majority of it because it costs more money. The game might as well be free. \n\nOther than that, it’s fun. I just wish we could be more interactive with people, like having friends and things of that nature.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 27, 15, 59, 13), 'title': 'Annoying....', 'userName': 'jgreeen', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Disclaimer: this app will take up hours of your time, without completing full games. Disconnection is common, along with game freezing. \n\nOne of my biggest complaints is the bots that you end up playing against in “online multiplayer”. They basically just make pointless trades and give other bots monopolies early in the game when there are still properties to be bought. Insanely frustrating to see someone get a free monopoly so often. \n\nIt is fairly easy to spot a bot when they start offering each other trades that make ZERO sense to the human mind in a game of leverage and business decisions. 3 stars because i still like to crush the bots when I get lucky but -2stars for the lack of PvP the game actually implements.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 25, 21, 57, 56), 'title': 'Food for thought', 'userName': 'Chappybumpits', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Hi, I’ve loved monopoly since childhood. I never really played it as the rules suggested until I got older and it never took the fun out of the game for using the rules. What takes the fun out is the dice roll mechanics. The developers I guess tried to make it as “chance like” as they could but it doesn’t pan out right with this game digitally. When you can call out where the AI is going to go on a dice roll game and it comes through. It ain’t fun no more. \n\nThe dice rolls are ridged for the pc to constantly have the advantage... that’s what makes the game no fun. \n\nIf you just want to play for the fun of it to learn how it’s really played then download but if your looking to enjoy winning it’s not going to happen unless the AI says it’s ok. And it’s not written to do so. I love a good challenge but this ain’t it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 19, 0, 0, 52), 'title': 'A ruined classic game', 'userName': 'Chocolatenova', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Loving the game. However something needs to be done about players who go idle without leaving t game. There must be some sort of countdown to play or lose your turn. It’s infuriating to be playing a great game with two other people and having to wait minutes for someone who isn’t paying attention. Also, since the last update, every game I’ve played has been disconnected. This wasn’t a problem before the update so I don’t think it’s on my end. Also, when the computer takes over for someone who quits and just proposes 10 trade deals in a row it’s very very annoying. Otherwise loving the game just needs a few improvements', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 2, 10, 58), 'title': 'Multiplayer', 'userName': 'Srj0317', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Piggybacking on my review to let the developers know a subreddit has been created by another user: /r/monopolymobile, where suggestions and discussions about the game’s potential are posted. Please take a look! \n\nReview: If I’m not mistaken, I feel like the game always freezes and you can no longer continue when another player decides to bail on the game. It’d be nice to have a feature that lets us know that happened? Or were they replaced by an AI if they quit? Stats on players would be great. Other than that, online multiplayer games should, at this day and age, all have the capability to have an in-game chat of some sort. Especially for this game, it could make trading a lot more fun. Also, why is one not able to invite a friend to online multiplayer?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 20, 7, 32), 'title': 'Needs a few things, but great game!', 'userName': 'LizethT', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Literally you can never know if this game can continue. It happens to me numerously that the game froze at the beginning, in the middle, almost at the end... Just imagine how you are about to win and find the game frozen for no reason, no reminder, no alternatives... Sometimes I don’t even know if it is frozen or the other player is being slow, so I wait forever to realize it is a technical issue. \n\nThere was one ridiculous time that after I won, the game continued endlessly, so I started rolling dice and moved forward again and again... \n\nVery insane technical issues going on and on. I noticed technical team is friendly and replying comments. Thank you, but please do something to keep us. I’m very sad about the game and considering to delete now.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 5, 52, 46), 'title': 'I hate the technical issue', 'userName': '为什么好昵称都有人用过了', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Its the truth 27', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is good it’s everything you wanted, but a few (a lot) crashes which is normal since it just came out. I’ve been playing since the night it came out and I haven’t been able to play a single online game without my game crashing, but like I said the game just came out so it’s fine. I just hope that after about a week they can have everything cleared and fixed, which I’m sure will happen. I’m giving it 5 stars cause it’s really fun just a little annoying cause of the glitches, but once they fix all that, I think this game will be really worth the money you paid.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 12, 48, 16), 'title': 'Good game'}, {'userName': 'Chv8', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Bought this yesterday, they had an older app they no longer offer that I also bought. The old one worked perfectly never any issues, each piece had its own unique animation while this new one has the same animation for each piece, trading can be confusing at times trying to understand how to add and remove properties. Again the old game had a very simple and understandable trading system. They traded quality for effects, and the effects aren’t even worth it just adds unnecessary noise.  You think at least they could of add more players but didn’t even manage to do that. I’ve played maybe 10 rounds max before it freezes out on one player and there is nothing that can be done to resolve the issue currently. Waste of money. Sadly this game I use to love to play on my phone is now just a cash grab by hasbro', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 14, 7, 37), 'title': 'Unfortunate'}, {'userName': 'ninjagirl23', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My family and I really enjoy this version of monopoly, especially because we can play it when we are totally different locations (I am currently states away from the rest of my family). We have a lot of fun playing it and will go on “sprees” where we play it everyday for a week. \nOur one big issue is that it seems to be rigged sometimes. We will roll the dice and in some games, have the best luck ever and never land on the big stuff. Other games are the opposite and you land on EVERYTHING that will kill you, even when you feel like you are going to win and then the AI has great rolls to avoid us. \nThanks for bringing us fun!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 4, 6, 21, 58), 'title': 'Fun but one issue'}, {'userName': 'TFMT84', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love Monopoly especially when I don’t have to do the math and the dollar bills aren’t flying around and getting lost the whole time. This app is good. One complaint however.  When playing a game with someone nearby you, you can’t leave the screen without being kicked out of the game. Monopoly is a long game so there is a high chance of having to leave the screen. There is no point in starting a game you can’t finish so why start a game with a friend knowing you’ll get kicked out. What if you need to take a call or check the time or do a google search to prove your friend wrong. Well you’d get kicked out of the game that’s what. Good app though.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 6, 12, 49), 'title': 'I love this game.'}, {'userName': 'fun game but online issues', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve always loved the classic Monopoly board game and the developer has done well adapting it to IOS.  While a good game can still take an hour or two to play, this is still much faster than the classic board game.  My only complaint is that when playing online multiplayer the game freezes about half the time, and this usually occurs after more than a half hour of play so I have already invested my time.  Sometimes after a few minutes the game will continue, but I’ve waited over half an hour in some cases and often the game never resumes, so you just have to quit.  I hope the developer can solve this problem because then I could rate the game 5 stars.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 2, 5, 36), 'title': 'Great game but often freezes'}, {'userName': 'brightjungthing', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I wanted a game to play with my family, who lives in a different city. I wanted this to be something we could start together and play turns as available throughout the day. I did a lot of research and this game seemed to check all my boxes. I bought it for my family (THREE different purchases, totaling $12) and I am so disappointed. Not only do you have to be actively playing the game (all players must be on their phones at the same time, so you have to coordinate that), but it also disconnects players frequently! Even if we are in the same room on the same WiFi, one play will get disconnected and kicked out the game. As soon as that happens, an AI takes over the character and plays for them. I wish I could get a refund. Not what I wanted at all. It’s probably a good game for single player, but that’s it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 16, 21, 22), 'title': 'NOT a good Multi-player Game!'}, {'userName': 'L.Reynolds96', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game it’s self is is awesome and I love how they stayed true to the classic Monopoly and didn’t try to add their own spin on to it. However, I haven’t been able to get through an entire game once because it freezes in between turns and after 15 minutes it waiting kicks you out and says there was a connection issue.\n\nEdit: the longer I play the more fed up I become, it literally breaks on ever game! Every single time that I play it winds up freezing for 5 minutes just to kick me out when it finally reconnects. At the very least the devs could save your active games so that when it kicks you out you could jump back in, if it was a free game the. It would be understandable but when you pay for a game you expect to be able to play it! 😡', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 21, 22, 41, 29), 'title': 'It’s great......but'}, {'userName': 'Jstone1231', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After noticing this game becoming re-launched onto the App Store (previously owned and purchased) I was eagerly excited to purchase (again) and play the game I love with my friends. After getting a few games under our belts, we noticed at random once a trade wood be initiated, countered, or rejected, the game would freeze. This has occurred for myself and others. I have yet to finish a SINGLE game in multiplayer without a glitch/crash. The recent updates say these issues have been fixed. But yet no one has seen any results. Would love to continue playing and supporting this game but cannot until the issues are resolved. In the future I advise to not rush a game launch just to have something in the App Store generating income, but to rather wait until a game is fully finished with minimal bugs. \n\nSincerely, \n\nOne unhappy customer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 18, 21, 24, 42), 'title': '***MULTIPLAYER DOES NOT WORK***'}, {'userName': 'ElYoniBayoni', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There are better apps for free than this game. Of course playing monopoly is fun and 4$ is not that much but you can\'t even play a full game. Even the slightest movement you make to check your notifications or accidentally going home makes you restart the whole game. Me being a clumsy person my phone falls on top of me a lot while im holding it sideways and I got upset when I was playing this game for over an hour collecting properties and gathering money (everyone knows how time consuming this game is) my phone slipped and I BARLEY pulled down the notification bar after a minute of saying "reconnecting" it kicks me out of the game! It happens 9 times out of 10 games!!! Also not to mention the "AI"s sometimes will never end their turn making the game stay where it is at and having you to quit it and the game feels pretty set up.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 31, 6, 1, 28), 'title': 'Not worth 4$'}, {'userName': 'Kclilo', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I had a nice 10 to 1 cash lead, and low and behold I went to jail 5 times in a row, never passing go. It doesn’t seem random that I could land exactly on go to jail that many times in a row when the AI didn’t land there once. Also, 50% of the time I passed go, I landed on the income tax. AI did not land on it once. This did not happen when I played on easy mode, so I have to assume that increasing the difficulty level is not accomplished only through smart moves, but also by skewing the dice rolls. As a side note, after ending up in jail the last time, frustrated, I closed the game. When I went back in, I was back where I was before I went to jail and when I rolled the dice it was the same roll and I again went to jail. Sure seems like something was predetermined there.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 0, 0, 44), 'title': 'Agree with the non randomness...'}, {'userName': 'KelsKKW', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The whole reason I purchased this game is because my dad lives out of state and this is a great way to connect. However, the first three times we’ve tried to play we’ve had issues. From randomly being kicked out of the online family play, to frozen boards, AI replacement, and non-cooperative trades... While apps aren’t that expensive, this falls into the realm of a more expensive app. However, it doesn’t work properly and we’ve spent most of that sought after family time ending games that were going well and having to call it quits or start all over. And if you play monopoly... you know there’s nothing worse than having to start over when all players are in a good spot. Disappointed to say the least.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 7, 31, 29), 'title': 'Too many crashes to warrant the price'}, {'userName': 'L-SE', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is the fun and very addictive monopoly I remember. But it still has some bugs as most games during early technical platform transfers. You can’t leave the game to check a text message or phone call; you’ll be force-quit from the current game. And we all know the feeling of so much time being wasted, that’s like getting your board flipped mid-60 minute game! (I was playing with one friend and 2 AI’s)\n\nThe other bug I found so far, and maybe it’s just my phone but I can’t get the music or sound effects on my iPhone to work (it’s app exclusive). Hopefully this game gets a quick buff and doesn’t meet the fate of many beloved childhood games that couldn’t transition to tech times. \n\nI have faith in you Monopoly!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 6, 17, 45), 'title': 'Early Development'}, {'userName': 'jeffdrip6', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Huge fan on monopoly and they’ve done a good job on this so far. Online mode somewhat buggy I have yet to complete a full match because some kind of interruption or problem occurs. The dice glitch sometimes and stay stuck on the screen even the cards. One of the most important issues I’m my opinion is the issue that the user cannot reconnect into the match when something glitchy happens. If this problem were solved alone, then it would easily be 5 stars , all the rest is just little bugs. Game is smooth regardless and id like to see more improvements and less on trying to charge people extra money for simple in game add ons. Otherwise fun , easy to use, and addicting!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 1, 31, 17), 'title': 'Really good, just some bugs'}, {'userName': 'Dreamauler', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s really unnecessary, they ruined the game with A1 controlling the dice. It’s obvious when you play it a lot. Sadly, it’s like most board games. Random dice on hard level would make this a great game. Example: the game was down to two, A1 and I with equal amount of props and hotels after 2 A1 players went bankrupt. A1 lands in jail two consecutive times and ops for doubles, I cheated and did not land on any of his props unless he lands on mine first going around the board 2.5 times. He’s finally out and we go around board 3 times without ether of us landing on the others props. I know what’s going on so I take the dice roll and land on a cheaper hotel on Vermont knowing full well he is coming up on Broadway hotels and sure enough he lands on it. You’re just a pawn in a lopsided A1 game of give and take.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 24, 13, 22, 47), 'title': 'You’re just a Pawn'}, {'userName': 'GodsNatural', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'When I first purchased the app, I loved it and had a lot of fun playing with family. Recently I started noticing how rigged the dice is on most games. For example, if I play with my husband he goes to jail like at least 6x each game and rolls low. Very rare! I play with my sister and she hits the jackpot each time. Never landing on anyone’s else property, landing on free parking and overall luck for her is always great. I am considering just buying the real board game because I don’t feel like I can play a fair game with my family without it being rigged by the system. It’s annoying because it’s no longer about the strategic plays of the players but the luck of if the system wants you to win or not.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 25, 4, 44, 53), 'title': 'I had fun at first but...'}, {'userName': 'Tbn8919', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I played about 10 games so far before coming here to check the reviews and as expected there are loads of players here complaining about dice rolls. I noticed this from the get go! Even on the games I won comfortable I noticed that the dice rolls are completely scripted. Myself and the AI players very often follow a pattern to missing all properties with houses/hotels or only land on them depending on our position and the position of the player holding those properties. \n\nAnother example is how after every player rolls 3 doubles and go to jail! In real life this is a VERY RARE OCCURANCE! This kills the fun of what could’ve been a great mobile game built by these devs. PLEASE FIX IMMEDIATELY. Make the dice rolls true random and fun will be had by everybody.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 23, 6, 43, 45), 'title': 'Dice Rolls are NOT RANDOM'}, {'userName': 'BruceLeroy135', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ok so game play is really good. what more can I say, it’s monopoly just how I remembered. I only have two complaints. First complaint is I wish you guys make an option to increase animation speed so that turns can go a little faster. My second complaint is your in app purchases are ridiculously high. Besides just I new board look and new pieces to pick from, the game is still the same so it’s kind of hard to justify your pricing and I do understand it’s optional, but at prices higher then what you initially buy the game for!?!  Additional boards should cost maybe $2.99 and adjust the vip pass based on that maybe $15 or $20, this seems more reasonable.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 15, 30, 7), 'title': 'Good Game, Crazy Price’s'}, {'userName': 'Jrizzo16', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I like the game it is similar to the original but when you decide to play against computer people they always seem to get doubles constantly and they're buying a property so it never seems fair and I usually quit the game to it should be a rule that if people take 20 years to do the next thing that they should shouldn't be allowed as much time as they want some people get aggravated when things are not going their way not sure if you take any any of the advice that people are giving you into consideration could be talking to the year for all I know but maybe you'll make some changes you are Hasbro the biggest toy company in the world just about", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 24, 4, 51, 27), 'title': 'Could you use some fixes'}, {'userName': 'monelxc330', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The dice rolls are not at all random. They’re just enough for the computer opponents to buy all the properties and stack houses while you’re sitting on the free parking or chance space while your opponents skirt right past all your properties and pay you nothing. Ultimately causing you to have less money, while they have already bought hotels and houses by the time the second board go-round comes. Making you mortgage your properties and hope to be able to have their luck to stay in the game for however much longer. Serious fixes need to be made before I’ll reinstall this game. The AI opponents have an advantage and it makes it unfair and no fun to even play at this point. Be a little fair with the gameplay please. Everyone deserves a chance to win. Period.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 16, 21, 45, 56), 'title': 'Unfair and obvious advantage for the computer.'}, {'userName': 'Timo El Toro', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'First off, I love the game if monopoly and want to rate this higher... if it wasn’t for the “luck” factor. Or the “chances” of things that happen and the frequency of it. Luck is when preparation meets opportunity so I don’t want to call it luck but... there ain’t that much luck in the world! I mean there are times where every single thing is going insanely right play after play after play at the most opportune times for some players, myself included. You can’t trust this computer generated “luck” in this game. You’ll see what I mean trust me.\n\nNot to mention there’s bugs in this game ever so often, it freezes and stays frozen forever. And again... even that seems to happpen to me when I’m having a really good game and have to close the app because the game won’t continue at all.\n\nMy biggest problem is the frequency of the problems listed above. It really hurts my experience with this game and makes me not want to play anymore and that’s why I have to give it the rating I gave it. Everything can’t be all peaches and cream when it comes to these reviews or else the problem will never be fixed...\n\nBecause this game definitely seems “fixed” most times.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 15, 19, 13, 17), 'title': 'Want to give it a higher rating but...'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 20, 20, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ryant132', 'title': 'Amazing game just want to see one thing added', 'review': 'This game is great, it brings back that old school monopoly feel I use to get when I was a kid. The only thing I would like to see added is a stats page. For players like me who are competitive at classic board games like this I would love to see how many games I won and lost. Other than that I love the game!!!!\n\nP.S.\n\nIf y’all would add a in game message section so we can chat while playing or something like that it would bring even more fun to the game. That’s just a side note, I’ll rather have the stats section over a chat section if I had to pick.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 5, 5, 36, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fbeauvais', 'title': 'Waste of time and money', 'review': 'I mean where do I start? The game freezes most of the time so you waste hours not knowing who would’ve won . You roll the dice and it may go the number that’s on the dice and it may not ! Like basically if you roll a certain number , it may go one space less than what you’ve rolled which is super unfair ! When you’re in jail and you roll a double , sometimes it lets people roll again and other times you’re only able to roll once . It’s very very frustrating! This app needs a lot of work . This is one of the very few apps that I’ve paid for and this makes me not consider wasting my money on any other games . Would also be great if there was a chat involved . And if that’s just not possible at least make the premade text better . Like geez who wrote those ? “Yikes” 🙄'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 17, 5, 26, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jgcampbell', 'title': 'Nice work!', 'review': 'For YEARS, I was disappointed there was no iOS Monopoly game. If I had nobody to play the board game with, I’d break out my old NES version.  And while that version honestly had some fun animations and cool ways to analyze the status of the game, this version is a very complete game, and it’s pretty to boot.  There are some cool purchases available, but nothing additional is required to improve the actual gameplay.  It’s just a really nice example of a one and done purchase.  The AI is decent, and the multiplayer option is great.  I also like the quick version when I want to play a faster game.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 2, 34, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nickonnight', 'title': 'Too many “Online with Friends” issues', 'review': 'Just trying over the course of three days and I have dealt with several issues with the Online with Friends feature. Multiple times the game has frozen and then kicked a player out of the game. It’s impossible to get back in the game so you have to quit the whole thing despite the progress you’ve made or forget about your friend and play with an ai in their place. \n\nI have not yet been able to actually finish one. I would encourage a more words with friends like game where you could leave the game when you’re busy and come back. Also the ability to text in between turns without the fear of losing a whole game.'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 0, 32, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'David 🤗', 'title': 'Pretty good so far...but', 'review': 'I’ve always enjoyed the feeling of outplaying people and taking their money and this game is an amazing way to do just that.\n\nThere’s a couple things I’d hope to see addressed in the near future though:\n\n1. Ranking system\nThis would be a good implementation for a couple reasons.  First off, this would get the competitive scene of players hooked and it would be easier for players to see where they line up in comparison to each other.  Of course casual games would be added as well for those that just want to play for fun and not risk hurting their rank.\n\n2. Faster Animations\nFor a game that doesn’t have the best reputation when it comes to the amount of time it takes to play monopoly, having animations after people roll and while the AI is carrying out their turn with no way to speed them up seems like a quick way to lose avid monopoly players like myself.  The fix for this is pretty straightforward: faster animations.\n\nAnyways, the game is great overall and am looking forward to seeing these changes.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 19, 34, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Postman u', 'title': 'Fair dice rolls', 'review': '\ufeffI have played for several weeks now in one player mode against two opponents. I can tell in the first rotation of the board if the game is going to treat me fairly on dice rolls or not. If not the opponents will avoid any spaces I own or the game will not let me land on any places to purchase. I have several times in a row,  circuited the board landing only on chance or community chest. When I do have spaces with hotels on them, if the game is in this mode no opponent pieces will land on them. Just yesterday I owned all of the spaces on the left side of the board, including the utility and my 2 opponents passed through that section 3 times without landing on a space to pay me. \nI just ask that you make the dice roll a true blind roll where the game doesn’t take in the position of players progress. Or allow us to use our own dice and input the results.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 14, 32, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MeLaNiE___73', 'title': 'Awesome game, but I have a suggestion.', 'review': 'I love this game as it is exactly like the real board game. One thing I wish that wouldn’t happen, however, is that when a player won’t end their turn I end up having to quit the game because it won’t continue. I’m suggesting for something to happen where if a player is inactive for a certain amount of time on their turn, they are kicked out of the game so the game can continue. This has happened to me numerous times, and I can’t be the only one this happens to. Other than this, the game is wonderful and I play multiple games a day!'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 7, 31, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'browwnsugatt', 'title': 'THE PROGRAMMING IS TERRIBLE', 'review': "There's no way this mimics or even feels like real monopoly. Out of about 40 games I've won only 1 and it's because it seems like the algorithm caters to a specific player . Or if I refuse to trade all of a sudden I'm landing on chance cards and forced to give all of my money away. I'm disappointed that I payed money for this app and made in app purchases I feel like I've been robbed . The probability with rolling the dice is completely off when everyone rolls multiple doubles in a row except one player . And once a certain player starts to lose the game seems to be programmed to keep that player at a disadvantage. So disappointing and takes the joy out of playing I don't recommend this game at all and I hope no one spends their money on it anymore . The only reason I kept the app is because I payed for it."}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 7, 20, 2, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MadMax01110', 'title': 'Horrible!', 'review': 'My wife and I payed for this app. If the game doesn’t reconnect and you exit to join back it doesn’t let you and you lose the game. That was yesterday. Today my wife clicked end turn on her phone and it didn’t end. We were stuck and we couldn’t exit to join back since we knew what would happen. Twice we played this game. Twice it has left us in the middle of a game. We each independently paid money for an app that doesn’t work. I’m very unsatisfied with the developers. I wouldn’t recommend this app to anyone. They want you to spend $10 on pretty maps but they can’t even fix the principals of the game. How they want me to spend money on the maps? Just horrible. We payed $8 to this company and I see on many reviews many people also did and it’s insane they can’t fix this issue.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 20, 36, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'zachattack234678898764433322', 'title': 'Marmalade has ruined a national treasure!', 'review': 'Monopoly is my favorite game to play at family game night but marmalade has ruined it! Because of the harsh times we are in now I can’t see my family so I turned to marmalade to give online monopoly a try. Whenever I play it is common for a family member to get disconnected, glitched, replaced by an ai, etc... When things like this happen we have to restart or try again another day and when this happens it wastes 2 hours of our precious time that we invested heavily in a game that has no result. Also there are always annoying updates that do nothing and just make the app take up more space. When 1 person has the update and the other person doesn’t it doesn’t let both party’s play . I’ve wasted my time playing this game and I do not recommend this to anyone!'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 24, 3, 2, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Random person who plays it', 'title': 'Rejoining and Disconnecting issues', 'review': 'Its a pretty good game. I have always loved monopoly and decided to download the app. I really liked it but when I started to play “online with friends” there are a lot of connecting issues. Something as simple as recieving a text message ruins the whole game and we have to start all over again. I cant even lower the screen to see the notification bar. Also I think that the 4$ spent to buy the game is way too much for only the basic board and nothing else. There should be at least another type of board or something.'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 13, 2, 38, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Not worth the money YET', 'title': 'Don’t buy yet', 'review': 'While the game is great when it runs properly I’ve played maybe 4 games all the way through to a winner while the 50-60 other games I play randomly stop loading and just sit there in the middle of an action that never gets completed. I’ve even set my phone down while watching a show checking it every few minutes to see if it’s done anything with no luck. It’s actually kinda aggravating. Sometimes it happens on the second round or other times half way through the game when most of the properties are bought and people are really starting to play out their strategies. I think it will be fantastic once they work out the kinks but the game is too new to be worth the money right now if it won’t run properly.'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 22, 44, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kelnuts!', 'title': 'Love having Classic Monopoly back!', 'review': 'Love the game and effects. Just one super annoying glitch I’ve been experiencing over and over even after an update. In single player mode, sometimes once a player lands on their space and completes whatever action is associated with that space, it won’t room back out to let them end their turn/next player roll. It freezes and I have to kill the app. When I open the app back up, it starts back before the player rolled and was frozen, which can honestly change a whole game if they had purchased a property before having to kill the app. Would love that fixed and it’s a definite 5-star!!'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 6, 24, 59), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'UnityFifty', 'title': 'Long lasting entertainment!', 'review': 'Monopoly has and always will be a fun game to play with friends, family, and strangers. I’ve often come across other digital monopoly games such as the console version but they feel rigged when it comes to dice rolls. This feels natural and authentic. I would love to see stats added to the game such as the amount of games we’ve lost or won and perhaps achievements to unlock. In game purchases are pretty pricey but aren’t necessary to have fun. The reason I’m giving this a 3 star is because the game keeps crashing on the loading screen right before I’m able to play the actual game. This has occurred more than 5 times already. I’m using an iPhone 7 with the most recent updates.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 13, 26, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'liltrav_', 'title': 'Monopoly Fan', 'review': 'For those who enjoy monopoly as a game you’ll definitely like this one, good graphics and cool game play. I haven’t tried multiplayer yet but that’s another discussion too. From the looks of it this will soon blossom. Hopefully more map designs will come in the future and maybe add in the speed die for custom rules. Otherwise great classic game 👍🏽\n\nUPDATE: there’s a bug in the game on multiplayer. Whenever someone rejects my trade after I counter a couple times, it freezes on my turn and I don’t see the dice so I cannot do anything. So everyone waits and the game can no longer progress.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 18, 47, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'chachi218', 'title': 'In game chat and number of players', 'review': 'I love the game , love the themes, love how it makes calculating things much easier. But, I really wish there were a few things. Like the original monopoly there can be up to six players, so I really wish there were a few more slots for more people. Was really disappointed to have some friends download it with only a few of us being able to play. Second, I wish there was an ingame chat, sometimes making trades is better when you can talk to someone and try to convince them, so i feel like that should be an option. Without those two things it definitely effects how I would rate it because I think they play such a big factor.'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 10, 10, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ramrod25', 'title': 'Inconsistent on hard mode', 'review': 'Play the game on hard and it literally will not let you win. I went first and bought a property before the others. Let’s just say that’s the only property I ended up with while the other AIs buy 5-7 properties on their first time around the board. Every AI received a double on the first turn around the board. Even waiting to see if I’d catch up made it even worse. They don’t accept fair trades and they make the most bogus trades between each other. It’s literally 3 versus 1 and they plot against you. The dice rolls are clearly not random. The AIs always roll the one number they need to either buy a certain property or avoid yours completely. All three will go by my properties with houses but I land on theirs every time. I don’t get it.'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 8, 37, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nana Phan', 'title': 'Some issues but still like the app overall', 'review': 'Enjoying it so far to the point I paid for the season pass. However if you choose to play with the more than 1 AI and choose the difficulty to be medium and above, you’d never stand a chance against them. At least that has been my experience. So the game kinda feel rigged in that way. Another issue that some people already pointed out is in the online mode, if you ever just simply pull down your notifications, the game would have to reconnect. I like playing in this mode more because you can win or loose, depends on luck and how good you are. It seems fair enough.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 12, 3, 35, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kooz13', 'title': 'Could be better', 'review': 'This game has so many connection issues its not fair that we pay for the game and it can barely finish a game. Also the “dice rolling” needs more randomness ive played with my friends and we’ve literally predicted where the next person will land. Feels like it just feed the winning player doesnt feel random at all. Especially the chance and community chest the winner gets money but losing players get less fortunate cards. It need to be more of a chance. Also i would like the option to customize it so that the first time around the board no one can buy property. It should be way more customization... it just seems really basic for a game that i paid for ...'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 4, 49, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12506782, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. We'd have nothing to gain by rigging the game against the player. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-20T10:30:52Z'}, 'userName': 'Av229122', 'title': 'Not worth it', 'review': 'The dice are not random. They give you a generic “it’s totally random!” reply but it’s not. I laugh so much with this game because dice rolls are predictable consistently. I have 7 consecutive times when I passed go and landed on income tax. The game predetermines moves for all players, making the computer conveniently get good moves while deliberately giving bad ones to other players. Try closing out the game to a complete close before turn ends and reopen to roll again. Same number comes up. There is no luck or random rolls. It’s a scripted game. This game will not be worth buying and playing until dice rolls are truly random! Not to mention, community chest and chance keep repeating the same 3 to 5 cards or the same card pops up rice for different players! I got assessed home repairs the player right after me did too! This ruins the game!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dissapointtedd', 'review': 'As an avid monopoly fan I am incredibly glad this game came out on the iOS. As we get older there is less time to play with people, and this is my favorite game of all time. The mechanics are good, the computer is pretty smart and all in all this game is pretty amazing. If I have to give one negative feedback, it would be purchasing the additional maps. But either way, I’m glad that this game exists. 10 years ago I could never expect to play this game on the go... and now you can! If you love monopoly! The starting price is worth the buck!!!', 'title': 'Don’t let the reviews fool you... this game is good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 28, 14, 44, 51), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'upeverest', 'review': 'The game is really fun. It’s just like typical Monopoly, except you can change the rules, and, of course, play by yourself. I only have three problems with the game. One, the computers have extremely good luck, and they always seem to make really bad deals with everyone except you. Also, the DLCs, (while I can understand costing money) are WAY too overpriced. And finally, this being a more minor one, why can you only change your name once a month? I mean, what’s the point of this? Other than those three outlying issues, this is still a great game, and I would definitely recommend it.', 'title': 'Great game, just a few problems.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 23, 1, 51, 19), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23569137, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-06-24T15:25:41Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'xcvxsbskrbekevryeo', 'review': 'Got this game as I love playing the game Monopoly, but many problems with this game app. First of all, they have a difficulty setting for the AI\'s putting them on "easy" is more like hard mode in the sense that, the AI\'s trade monopolies with each other for stupid trades. The game also feels faulted with the pre-determined rolls. You could get Monopoly in 5 turns but as soon as you do, they AI magically dodge your properties Everytime. When it comes to chance cards you never get through all of the cards, I\'ve seen the AI get the card "advance to go" 3 times in a row. It\'s so frustrating that when you\'re on a roll, the game piles all the bad stuff at you to make the game last longer. I tried getting over it but it\'s tiring getting screwed over by the game. Don\'t recommend this game at all. Was a waste of $4', 'title': "Don't waste your money", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 7, 20, 36, 33), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MrMoootch', 'review': 'This is a great game, but one major thing messes the entire game up, I’m sure it’s a bug or a small fix. There is a way for a player to not play and hold up the entire game. I started playing this game recently (less than 10 games) and it happened in 5 of these games. The majority of the players  back in like 5-10 min or so (thankfully), and the waiting time for them was unbearable and stupid. Currently I am experiencing a game where the guy hasn’t played in 20 minutes and all of us playing this game are going crazy. I hope they fix this as it it can get really frustrating when someone who’s loading just walks off and sit-ups the entire game. I hope it’s resolved soon!', 'title': 'Great Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 26, 6, 32, 48), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'vitalcash', 'review': 'Loved the game but in the trade screen, there is an annoying and critical bug. I was trading with player 2 where player 2 had made an offer. However suddenly a message appears on screen that player 3 has rejected my offer! And when I clicked on it, suddenly the current offer that player 2 had made got accepted without me clicking on it!\n\nThere should be a confirmation message to give players a chance to cancel if there is a system error or if they have mistakenly selected the offer accept button. Same goes for any such significant action! \n\nPlease fix the bug.', 'title': 'Great except there is an annoying bug', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 6, 10, 6), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Right to the point ', 'review': 'I tried to start a game with some family online. It took forever for us to get into the same game, and when we did one player’s app crashed at the beginning and ruined it, so we had to try to get in together all over again.\nWhen trying to play games if you close the app you lose all your progress and can’t get back into the game. Huge shortcoming, not being able to save your progress.\nI really hoped this turn-based game would save your progress for when you have to do something else on your phone. This game would be perfect if the app was turn-based for playing at your own pace. Like most Chess apps and Words with Friends, where you can play with others and take a few turns a day with everyone playing at their own pace. Hopefully in a future update?', 'title': 'Disappointing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 3, 16, 53), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hdiejjedueh', 'review': 'This game has the feel that you would want from a mobile version of monopoly. However, there are several major bugs and a few things that would be useful if they would fix. Monopoly is a long game, and it requires you to keep the app open and on your screen the whole time you’re playing. If I accidentally hit the home button on my phone, the game is disconnected and i must start all over. It should be more like a words with friends game. Take your turn, and the game saves to cloud and the next person can take a turn at that time or whenever they get around to it. Lots of potential but frustrating with the current format.', 'title': 'Fun but poorly designed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 13, 45, 31), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494545, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:38:24Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Andres MR', 'review': 'Hi Monopoly,\n\n I play your app everyday and I love it. However, your team needs to update or fix the issue of when the app freezes. I wish I could send you the snapshots I took. For instance, when I’m upgrading my houses and I’m done, the app doesn’t give me the option to end my turn and I’m left with angry opponents telling me to hurry up! This doesn’t happen all the time. It’s just random.\n\nAnother update I would love for you to add is more selection of words to use. For example, Thank You!, You’re Welcome, I doubt that, Time to Win! etc. \n\nAnother cool feature to add would be to add other players as friends. That way I can solely play with those friends online with our own rules and hopefully be able to have a text box to communicate freely. \n\nSo far these are ideas I’ve come up with as I play on this app. Maybe in the near future you have them. \n\nI’d definitely will place my 4 star to a 5 star if these issues get fixed. Plus, it will make the app for enjoyable. \n\nThank you,', 'title': 'Needs to Update', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 9, 3, 3, 13), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Play123987', 'review': 'This game is fun with good graphics, creative scenes, and customizable rules.  There were major problems early on with it freezing, but now I only freeze up about 1 in 10 times playing.  They still need to work on that but I’m giving it 3 stars instead of 1 since it freezes a lot less now than it used to.  If they can fix that I’ll give it 4 or 5 stars.\n\nUPDATE:  I take it back.  This game freezes ALL THE TIME.  Their developers are working on chat features and trading interfaces which are absolutely useless if your game freezes.  They need to fix the freezing issue.  They told me it was a capacity issue because of COVID but that was a long time ago.  Buy another server and load balance.  Do something.  But fix the problem instead of adding useless features.', 'title': 'Fun Game but Locks Up on occasion', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 1, 43, 40), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Ahhley', 'review': 'I enjoy this game but have a few complaints. There needs to be a video chat option or chat box window. It takes awhile to play & I always find myself wanting to text the person I’m playing with or call them up. If I do that though then the computer takes my turn. You should be able to chat with your family & friends, and you should also have the option to “pause” the game instead of letting it play without you.\n\n*game was updated with a very limited “chat menu” with generic greetings & phrases. I want to be able to carry a conversation with friends & family while playing the game. Fix this please!', 'title': 'Good game, needs a chat function', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 0, 20, 49), 'developerResponse': {'id': 15278767, 'body': "Thank you for your review! \n\nI'm happy to tell you that our next update, which will be available this week, includes an in-game chat option for our players to stay communicated! Furthermore, the option to pause games in order to continue at a later date is already under consideration by our team as a future update to our game. \nDon't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions for us! ", 'modified': '2020-05-12T23:53:08Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'donny3ksc', 'review': 'Computer AI’s algorithm isn’t like a normal human. Plus the level of difficulty doesn’t mean the computer gets smarter.... after 100+ games it’s very clear that the harder difficulty, the better rolls the AI gets. They’ll avoid your houses/hotels not just once, but every round of the board. So it’s an unfair dice roll that frustrates you to the point of not playing. Online mode is different and a bit more fun, but no one has stats and no one can talk. When someone leaves, you can tell because the dice rolls start getting really biased to an AI player. \n\nOverall, this app has good intentions, but charging money for it... for very basic gameplay..... deserves a 2 star or less rating. Wish I could get my money back.', 'title': 'Computer AI gets extremely boring to play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 4, 22, 7, 8), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Half.black', 'review': 'I LOVE playing this game! I would like to see a few upgrades if possible. 1) More of a chat selection. I know you want to keep it family friendly, but maybe add like an Ugh!, or emoji selection so we can express ourselves better.\n2) A score board. I’d like to keep track of my wins and losses and maybe like a monopoly tournament. 3) the ability to save people into a friends list so we can play them again. Sometimes I’d like a rematch. \nOverall a really awesome product you’ve created and I really enjoy playing! Thank you for creating it!', 'title': 'Super fun!..... with suggestions', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 21, 3, 45, 11), 'developerResponse': {'id': 22392899, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are all very good suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-04-22T09:12:09Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'monopolylover101', 'review': 'I can never find someone willing to spend the time to play Monopoly with me but it’s one of my favorite games so I decided to give the app a try— and I love it! It’s just like playing Monopoly in "real life" and goes a lot faster since they do the banking for you! The only thing I would like to see different is when playing against the computer, I would like to choose my color and I think it would be fun to name my opponents, aka the computer. But these are only minor things and doesn’t take away from the experience at all! Highly recommend!', 'title': 'Love it!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 26, 15, 57, 55), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dblominator', 'review': 'I wish they used a random number generator for the dice rolls because it so obviously is not random. It almost seems like it’s altered to allow the game to keep going longer. Every time when you are about to beat a computer on hard (have hotels on half of the properties), slowly it feels almost like inevitably they come back not from skill but just from chance. It is very frustrating. The same can be said for the other way around. Sometimes when playing with someone in pass and play, I get extraordinary luck and the other player gets uncanny bad luck. This ruins the game for us who look into it and see the glitch in the system. Make it random! That’s how it is in real life! It’s very annoying.', 'title': 'Fun until...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 22, 18, 5, 53), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jerry mitchhell', 'review': 'This game has potential to be so great. Who doesn’t love a game of monopoly. Even better, there is no need for a player to be “the banker”. Unfortunately this app has severe problems with it. Sometimes the app advances your character the wrong amount of spaces you rolled. Often times the number on the dice is the number you were looking for only to be left disappointed with a wrong amount of spaces advanced. There is no chat feature which is severely needed. They say it’s to keep it “family friendly” but I don’t buy it. This game is a perfect example of lazy developers who have made too much money off the monopoly franchise and don’t give any care to the people who enjoy the app and have no plans on fixing any glitches. I wouldn’t waste my money on this app.', 'title': 'Good potential, bad developer response.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 20, 18, 54, 6), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18632327, 'body': "Hi Jerry, thank you for your review and feedback. We are very to hear that you've encountered an issue with the spaces. Our QA team is already working to find a solution to that problem. We apologize for the inconvenience caused. Regarding the chat option, our team is aware of how our users would love to have a chat option, and we are working towards a feature that will allow you to chat, however, it is not ready yet, but it will in the future. If you have any questions please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com ", 'modified': '2020-10-22T04:46:33Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Thisappblows212121', 'review': 'This game runs well and I enjoy it. Passes the time. However, I purchased the $30 ($40?) pack where I get the boards as they’re released. Was happy to support the product. Seemed like a good deal. But you’re really going to charge for additional game tokens? Bad look.\n\nUpdate: initially this was a 3 star review due to the issues. However, the game reached out, supported it and fixed the issue. The support team was excellent!! You do not get charged for the tokens as new boards roll out. Glad I bought the season pass for this game and look forward to new boards!', 'title': 'So good but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 10, 19, 37, 6), 'developerResponse': {'id': 15876196, 'body': "Hello. That behavior is unintended, as the Season Pass is supposed to automatically unlock all new content. Please get in touch with our customer support team at help@marmalademail.com so that they may unlock the Paris Tokens for you. For a faster resolution, please include the receipt of your Season Pass purchase as well as a screenshot of Monopoly's Settings menu. You have our deepest apologies for the inconvenience.", 'modified': '2020-06-09T13:00:21Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '2stylish', 'review': 'Love the game, but choose the single player with  3 computers feature for this reason; every time I play online the game freezes and shuts down. It would be good if, a message came on stating connection issues or a player has left the game and cannot be finished.  But instead,  nothing, I wait at least 10 minutes before I quit the game.  Over a period Of time I’ve attempted to play 5 online games and actually finished only one.  It freezes, no response, no message and I quit the game.   Too bad it really is a good game.', 'title': 'Game keeps shutting down in on line play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 2, 18, 42, 33), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'K-****', 'review': 'You guys really need to fix this game, every single time I try to play it, it never fails to crash. Me and my boyfriend play this game almost every night THATS how much we love this game but recently it keeps freezing up no matter if I play it by myself on multiplayer or if he and I play each other via online friends. It’s a shame too, because as a favorite childhood game of mine this game could potentially be so much fun but we barely want to play anymore because we know it’s going to crash. Also, this is the second review I’ve written about this game crashing I don’t give two HOOTS about a chat button I just want the game to work and I certainly wouldn’t have paid $4 for a game had I known it was going to crash', 'title': 'Great game always crashes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 0, 44, 6), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ADudeGuyMan', 'review': 'I got this game to play mobile with my family. When my sister answered a text, without closing the app, she was unable to rejoin the game. I think  some kind of functionality where you can rejoin a room if you accidentally left it or an auto save feature after every turn so you can pick up where you left off could do a lot of good for retaining players.\n\nIn game chat would be nice too but I don’t think that’s as pressing of an issue than the connectivity and saving issues.\n\nBesides that, it’s great and satiated my want to play monopoly. Will revisit this review when there are fixes.', 'title': 'Fun game, needs updates', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 19, 19, 52), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'evony is money hungry', 'review': 'I enjoy the game. Monopoly is one of my favorite games but the app needs work big time. The game freezes frequently especially when playing online or with friends.  Computer will take over and lag making deals that you wouldn’t have done making it frustrating. You will also freeze halfway in a game and the only way to fix it is to close out the app. Until they fix it I will not be buying more from them. Also would be really nice if they had a chat box especially when playing with friends since you can’t leave the game without the computer taking over.', 'title': 'Enjoy it but needs work especially since you pay for the app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 20, 14, 27), 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 3, 13, 42, 1), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great overall, just a few minor bugs', 'userName': 'Vertical Mike', 'review': 'This is the BEST version of the classic Monopoly board game that I’ve ever seen. It’s literally legit. The rules are all pretty much there, as are most of the alternative ways of playing. (Ex: land on GO and get $400...)\n\nThere are one or two bugs though that make it annoying. One is that whenever they release a new version, the app asks for your age again. The other is that the dice rolls seem to help a player AVOID landing on hotels. (This has been pointed out by other commenters too, so it’s doubtful it’s all in my mind.)\n\nOther than that, a great game!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 15, 40, 44), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Disappointed', 'userName': 'merpyblurp', 'review': 'I was really excited for this game cause of the online multiplayer aspect. Everyone and their mom knows this can be a long game so the fact that you have to finish a game in one sitting is crazy to me. Am I just supposed to never lock my phone or use it for anything else for a couple days? That really ruined this app for me. Also the dice rolling don’t seem super randomized. It feels like they play towards typical monopoly dice moves. Like out of the games I play it seemed all doubles lead to a good chance of 3 doubles to jail, which in real life I don’t remember happening too often. My friend went to jail 3 times in a row. She would wait to try to roll doubles, wouldn’t get it. End up on community chest right afterwards then a random property then back on the go to jail tab, always 3 moves. Just too much coincidence to be random.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12322642, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We're very sorry to hear that you are disappointed with the game. We hope to surprise you with our next updates as we are working on plenty of features that are sure to please. Our designers are already discussing a Multiplayer save feature. Regarding the chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) we can assure you that they are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter.\r\n", 'modified': '2019-12-10T17:16:48Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 29, 15, 44, 19), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s monopoly', 'userName': '3w44tu', 'review': 'It’s monopoly, it runs smooth and I’ve had no issues. In single player, It does seem however that it’s not 4 players each trying to reach their own goals it’s you vs the AI. For example, it will trade each other into monopolies, it will also conveniently always miss any hotels you put up and only occasionally land on them.  I had one stretch where th computer only had a hotel on Marvin gardens, for 4 trips around the board I hit it every single time, this can be frustrating as it seems like the deck is stacked against you at all times.  Overall it’s fun if you can outplay the frustrating AI tendencies.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 8, 5, 7, 40), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Inferior to the original build, but fun', 'userName': 'jrbergmann', 'review': 'When Monopoly first came out for iOS, it was simplified, fun, and easy to use. The game had a fantastic selection of music, specifically the default jazz track, to choose from. This version has an overwhelming barrage of sound pounding in the background while I’m trying to relax and play the game. The original version had no in app purchases or season passes, but those days are long gone. This version is highly polished and plays like the original, but the overly built city on the map, poor music options, and focus on DLC make it less than perfect, which it used to be.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 26, 2, 40, 9), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very glitchy. Don’t buy unless they patch it up', 'userName': 'Winterlyparsley', 'review': 'I just had two games in a row completely glitch out and freeze up on me; one of my opponents got salty after landing on my property so he traded away all of his money and properties to another player for next to nothing which bankrupted him and auctioned off all his stuff to the bank instead of paying me anything. \n\nAfter this happened I could no longer build houses, propose a trade, or mortgage my property due to a glitch; on the screen it kept saying the bankrupted player was trying to propose a trade even though he’s no longer even in the game. After that I couldn’t end my turn and the timer was broken too so the game just froze up indefinitely. I quit and deleted the app.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 4, 7, 18, 27), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but hard to play multiplayer games!', 'userName': 'bshrib', 'review': 'I absolutely love Monopoly and have more than used my $5 worth of playing the game since I bought it about a month ago. But like others have said, it often crashes during multiplayer games which is incredibly frustrating for myself and I’m sure the other players who think I’m just being slow. Especially cause there’s no chat option that says “Sorry my side is crashing”. I understand to a point why there are limited chat options but at the very least there should be a way for players to notify each other if there is a bug that is keeping them from continuing gameplay.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 13, 2, 15, 52), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game, a few tweaks would help', 'userName': 'Spartacus1847', 'review': 'First, let me say that I enjoy the game. There are a few points that could be improved:\n1. For online multiplayer games, there needs to be a mechanism that moves the game along if someone dithers for minutes after starting their turn. Either have them forfeit a turn with some form of penalty or bounce them out of the game.\n2. Make some of the game customization options available for online games— they really improve the game play.\n3. For solo games, offer an option that speeds up the game ( fewer graphics, for example — not showing counters hopping, etc.). This could reduce the game time.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 24, 12, 43, 44), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun game- couple suggestions', 'userName': 'Scorptressa', 'review': 'Options for playing the computer or with friends online and/or in person is really cool. The customization options for the rules is great also.\nPlease fix UI so that you always have full vision of all properties and who owns them, etc. during deals W/other players & choosing whether to un-mortgage properties gained by another player’s b/k. Annoying trying to decide, when you don’t know what you’re dealing with. \nIt would also be appreciated if there were options for earning additional scenes; player pieces; & such, after meeting different levels or wins or earnings or whatever.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15554450, 'body': "Hi, thanks a lot for the review! Those are all great suggestions, and I've already shared them with our design team for them to further discuss the possibility of implementing them on the game. Furthermore, I'm happy to tell you that our team is already considering a leaderboard/ranking system to be implemented in a future update, so we hope that this new feature is of your enjoyment! Don't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more ideas about what you would like to see in Monopoly! ", 'modified': '2020-05-25T23:43:49Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 2, 5, 55), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Crashes every single game play', 'userName': 'DalexC', 'review': 'The amount of reliability (none) and features(close to none) we get you\'d think this was the free edition! This game freezes and NEVER returns to regular game play EVERY TIME, I decide to play. I\'ve played 4xs today and played for 30 minutes each and have yet to conclude a single game. Its always at the climax of the game too. When someone is about to become bankrupt, made a purchase or trade towards the end of the game. I would like to add suggestions: because the app crashes regularly maybe a transcript of what had happened through out the game would be beneficial. Also some form of communication would be great. Even if its pretyped macros of "hurry up" " nice trade" "c\'mon son". Also a way to select properties etc to gather info and plan moves while play goes on in the background..'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 2, 8, 41), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game, needs updates', 'userName': 'alexanatalie', 'review': 'This game is so fun and I am REALLY enjoying it so far. However, only reason I am leaving a rating is because I am getting so frustrated as the screen will just freeze. There is no way to communicate with the players so you don’t know if they just aren’t going on their turn or if the game is actually frozen. I want to be able to communicate with the players. THE BIGGEST ISSUE is that if someone does not purchase a property or make the trade in a certain amount of time they should just cancel it cause I sit and wait for so long for someone to make a move that I just end up quitting the game. I also want to know how many times I have won and lost. I also want to be able to see the person I’m playing with. Maybe we can add a profile picture to our player? Idk thoughts...'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 8, 3, 24, 2), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'DO NOT BUY: Can’t even finish one game because it keeps glitching', 'userName': 'unamusedreviewer', 'review': 'I paid money for this to play with my love ones for some game time and we wasted our money and time on this game ONLY for it to glitch on us. They made it impossible for us to finish a single game and then ended up wasting 2 hours playing a game where we don’t even get to know who wins or finish. We have played this a total of 4-5 times and EVERY SINGLE TIME, it crashed and made us lose HOURS on progress. the first and second time, it ended an hour  the game and we had to start over and over again, thus wasting another two hours on just trying to get started. the third  to fifth time it glitched out after 1 hour and thirty minutes to 2 hours. This is absolutely ridiculous. PLEASE FIX THIS, or give me my money back.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 14, 10, 51), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Monopoly is Amazing! 95% of the time', 'userName': 'The addict.', 'review': 'Monopoly is a fantastic replica of the real game. It is well organized and doesn’t lag. The only problem with this game is that there is no chat or voice function. So if you want to make a trade, you can’t talk about selling houses in order to do that. But that’s only 5% of what’s bad about it. The rest of the game is awesome and I definitely recommend getting it. The 4$ was worth it! Even if it sounds boring! It is a bit annoying though when you have to wait a long time for the person to end their turn. Other people have been saying to have a timer, I agree.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 0, 3, 15), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Pretty ok.... until it’s not', 'userName': 'Crystina1', 'review': 'I bought this game in a bundle pack. My friends and I all tried to play together. It took us an hour to get everyone logged in correctly. Some times the codes wouldn’t work other times it’s said we didn’t have internet. Once we started playing the game kicked out my friend and “replaced with AI”. All that did was freeze our game so we had to start over. After the second time of this happening we gave up. The game play is pretty smooth other than these incredibly inconvenient bugs. \nAlso, it needs a chat option. It gets kind of boring when you can’t speak to the people you’re playing with. We can’t even text on another app because it kicks you out if the game play.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 12, 56, 37), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great Mechanics  BUT Online Play Is Stale', 'userName': 'MocoBooger', 'review': 'I am a big fan of the previous ios Monopoly. Had high hopes for this version but so far my expectations have fallen flat. The game is well made in terms of style, graphics etc however there seems to be something lacking when playing online (which is arguably one of the biggest draws of this game). The music gets repetitive, animations slow down gameplay and honestly, after a certain point you start to wonder if you’re really playing against a human or cpu. I would strongly suggest an in game chat feature to allow players to banter and comment on big moments within the game. Without this type of engagement I might as just be playing vs CPUs.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 5, 20, 56, 15), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but Frustrating', 'userName': 'JLewis234', 'review': 'I’m usually only able to finish about half my games because it always seems to lag out. And the worst part is that it usually cuts out toward the end of the match when everyone has their houses set up and it just starts getting good. \n\nAlso, it would be nice to see some improvements. It’s exactly the same as it was a year ago; Marmalade needs to improve the communication between players by at the least adding more options of things to say. \n\nFor as many people as play this game, you’d think they could have figured something out so that matches can actually finish. I know this is happening to many people and it’s very frustrating. It’s the equivalent of your little cousin tossing the game board across the room when he knows he’s going to lose. \n\nOverall, this has potential, but is still currently in the dark ages thanks to Marmalade. The only thing they add is new boards to buy. I refuse to spend any money on a game that doesn’t work half the time. Wake up Marmalade! I’ll check back next year and see if you’ve done anything with your lives.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23241362, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to improve Monopoly's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-06-07T13:18:58Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 23, 6, 24, 27), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Online issues', 'userName': 'Snumph', 'review': 'Biggest gripe with online is that it’s rare you will complete a game. One problem I have is there isn’t a timer to make decisions when it’s your turn. Your left guessing if the game froze, it’s just poor connection, or if someone isn’t paying attention. Also too, if there was some kind of reward or points system for completing online games. Like a ranked system or something of the like would be nice. I feel a feature like this would give more incentive to play online if there was some kind of reward system in place.\n\nOther than that. Offline play is great. No issues there.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 11, 1, 30, 31), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love , Hate Relationship', 'userName': 'Tpolk1920', 'review': 'I was sooo happy to see Monopoly finally had an app to play on my phone. It’s my favorite board game off all time. I love everything about the app. The interface is very pleasing with easy navigation. My biggest issue is the constant game crashes when playing multiplayer online. I have had the app for almost two weeks now and have yet to be able to finish a full game without it freezing and crashing...NOT ONE GAME HAS BEEN COMPLETED. It’s even more frustrating when you are winning. Playing single player mode is great and all, haven’t had any issues with it, but playing against real people makes it all worth the while. Please fix this issue.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 22, 12, 3), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'What happened?', 'userName': 'godappa', 'review': 'So happy to see this back on the App Store, then... 1. If you land on a property without enough cash, it’s a forced auction without a chance to first mortgage. 2. Nowhere near the customization the last app had... quick start with all properties randomly distributed, ability to turn off animations, turn off house/hotel limits, increase starting cash, the list goes on. Where did it go?  3. It’s clear that choosing a higher AI difficulty level simply results in the app manipulating the dice - which is maddening. My first outing I landed on one property and went to jail 3 times before I reached GO.  Difficulty levels should increase the negotiating savvy of the AI opponents and that’s all.  When I roll the dice in these games, I don’t want any influence other than chance. One day and done with it, unfortunately.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 8, 8, 20, 50), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Some flaws', 'userName': 'deemazing1', 'review': 'I like the game because it is smooth and it looks nice, however, as a Monopoly enthusiast I have some complaints. The Game rules are not customizable like in other computer versions. You can only choose to play quick game with set rules or classic. The other thing is I tried to play one game and because there is no time limit for trades, the game has been idle for 10 minutes because of a trade. If they had a limit, a person could be forced out of trade mode in 2:00 or less. Also, you have to play with 4 players and can’t choose 3 or less in multiplayer mode, which is frustrating because not everyone feels like playing a 2 hour Monopoly game.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 7, 35, 22), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Seriously?', 'userName': 'PalestineIsntReal', 'review': 'I know the game just came out and there’s bound to be bugs and errors but come on, seriously? I just want to play a game of monopoly I don’t want to have to wait 20 seconds in between turns because the game is slow. And I reallllly don’t want to play another 40 minute game where it just freezes and won’t resume just as I was finally was making a comeback and had forced the top player to mortgage his property’s. And also come on your charging $30 for a season pass on launch day???? Before you charge money for things (even though it’s optional) maybe you should fix the problems that should’ve never made it into the release in the first place.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12213119, 'body': 'Hi. We are very sorry to hear that. Our team is already aware of some issues with the game and has been working on an update that should fix them. Please bear with us a little longer as we intend to release it very soon. As for the in-app purchases, just to clarify, the base purchase unlocks the full game, in terms of gameplay functionality. The additional content that is available for purchase is purely aesthetic and has no impact on gameplay. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. Kind regards.', 'modified': '2019-12-04T16:52:45Z'}}, {'title': 'I’m speechless 😶', 'review': 'OK, I know I can always play this game whenever I want to buy just grabbing out of the closet, but this is way faster. And easier. I usually get to meet some of the great people out there! Just by playing online. You can always play online when you’re playing the normal board game. That’s why this game is at least half a star better than the board game. So that’s why I give it a five star rating. But one thing I don’t like is that you have to unlock game pieces. But...    The rest of the game is good! So everybody should give thisa five star rating', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 20, 0, 10, 36), 'userName': 'I am MYLAN!!!'}, {'title': 'Fixed the Bug', 'review': 'Really happy the bug was fixed in online multiplayer. Been a fun app for quarantine!quarantine. It has disconnected multiple times and fails to reconnect when using the multiple player online with friends option. Given that other apps are able to reconnect when free, I am very disappointed to have this major issue with a paid app. This does not seem like the last update helped. This was supposed to provide me with a connection to others during a trying time, not be another nuance.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 1, 4, 44, 13), 'userName': 'Emily Morales'}, {'title': 'Pretty fun and addicting!', 'review': 'I love the online playing option. I do wish there were a few changes such as a distinctive ding or sound effect when it’s your turn or when someone is engaging you in a deal. Sometimes I get distracted for a second and before I know it, my turn has come and gone and I’m holding up the game unwittingly. \nAlso it would be nice if there were more chat options. I don’t think it’s necessary for typing to be an option. I kind of like how simple it is that no one can badger you or be rude while playing, but some more funny and entertaining chat bubbles would be fun.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 4, 7, 5, 53), 'userName': 'Kfiggle'}, {'title': 'Algorithm ruins the game', 'review': 'I get this is a mobile game, but the algorithm absolutely destroys the experience . There’s no luck involved while playing. AI building multiple mansions? No way are they going to draw the “building repair” card. But you as the player will draw it when you don’t have enough money and have a few green houses. Think you’re safe once you pass go? Nope, land right on the income tax. Equal playing field? Nope, you’re either going to have 3 properties vs the AI’s 5 properties EACH or you’re going to get multiple properties but then one of the AI’s will make the other AI’s land on their properties which will make them a lot of money which then will surpass yours. No randomness, no luck involved, no equal playing field. It doesn’t make the game competitive, it just makes it annoying with the algorithm.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 19, 21, 20, 48), 'userName': 'JackyH1104'}, {'title': 'Outstanding Game', 'review': 'This game is clean and simple to setup and play. There are easy to select options for standard rules or custom game play (I could select the rules I used as a kid) as well as 3 different board designs. The graphics are excellent and there are many modes of play, all of which function without a glitch. I’ve played in single mode against the AI as well as with multiple players online. The AI has 3 different settings (easy to hard) and is a good opponent.  Customer service is excellent. I had a question about the game that was promptly answered.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 28, 1, 13, 45), 'userName': 'KReh637'}, {'title': 'Good game but terrible luck', 'review': "Now I know that monopoly is mostly a game of skill, but I don't know if it’s just me, but the luck in this game is terrible. I’m always landing on the my properties or the other players, I always land in free parking or visiting jail, heck I always land on go to jail. Meanwhile the other player is getting chances, community cards, amazing properties. And that’s not just one unlucky game, that’s every game I play and so far I’ve played like 20 games and all of them were unlucky. I even put the CPU on easy mode and it still gets so lucky. Monopoly is a good game, but I would recommend buying the actual bored game and playing with a friend.", 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 15, 14, 48), 'userName': 'ToxicWaffle126', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15214462, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review. We're sorry to hear you feel this way about Monopoly. We can assure that our game's mechanics are 100% random, because we know that rigged board games are unfair and not fun at all. It is possible you're experiencing a glitch, so I've asked our team to further investigate this problem. Thank you for your patience!", 'modified': '2020-05-09T23:58:15Z'}}, {'title': 'Fun but crashes too much', 'review': 'I thoroughly enjoy playing this game and overall the game play is set up great, however, I cannot give it 5 stars because it crashes way too much! You will play for a few hours and when the end gets near the game crashes. This has to be fixed as it is a very common occurrence. It’s too good of a game to have this constant issue. Also, you’re unable to exit the app while playing without causing the game to glitch as well! It crashes even for simple phone notifications. At times the bot takes over when a player pauses or exits, but this does not happen often enough. If a player has a phone notification or any other type of disturbance immediately prior to their turn the game crashes. Please fix these issues.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 4, 11, 16, 1), 'userName': 'CNichB'}, {'title': 'Very fun when it works!', 'review': "I really enjoy monopoly and thought this app would be great. The game seems pretty good except the chance and community cards must be random because I got the same chance card 2 times in row and there is only suppose to be 1 of that card in the deck! \n\nMultiplayer is fun but tends to freeze about 50% of the time for me. When the games work it’s a blast. I wish I could see who has disconnected, some sort of ranking system and when waiting for turns, be able to click on property's to see there stats. \n\nSingle player is fun mainly because it doesn’t freeze haha I find that the AI are fairly easy to beat even with hard difficulty.", 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 5, 5, 4), 'userName': 'Vicuvicu'}, {'title': 'not fully functional', 'review': 'Features a large amount of moving graphics in the background that serve zero purpose and actually detract from gameplay by slowing the app down and draining device batteries. Frequently locks up and there’s nothing to do besides just quit the game. When it’s working it is fun, but that’s not something we should be saying about a game we paid for. It’d be great if there was an option to just disable all those extra graphics moving in the background to provide some relief to this glitchy, battery hogging app. I can tell how much work went into those shifting clouds especially, I do appreciate it, there just needs to be an option to spare us the fanfare of multiple helicopters, trains, and cars traveling down the highway if all it does is get in the way.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 3, 19, 28), 'userName': 'Space teammate'}, {'title': 'I’d give it a 5 with the addition of 2 extra features', 'review': 'I bought this to play with friends who live across the country. Within 2 minutes of playing in "Online with Friends" mode, I realized 2 additions to this game which would turn in from a 1-star rating to a 5-star rating:\n1) There needs to be a chat feature. I don\'t understand why I need to leave the game in order to text the people who are also playing the game.\n2) There needs to be a way to exit the game without a computer taking over for you. We have a 3-hour time difference between us and would like to play one game of Monopoly over the course of a few days. If we could leave the game, receive notifications when it\'s our turn, and then re-enter the game, we could play at our own pace.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 20, 5, 7), 'userName': 'DMerciSteel'}, {'title': 'Great concept, not initiated well..', 'review': 'The graphics, and idea of how easy the game works is great. But I have sooo many issues when I’m playing online (either with friends or strangers) even the slightest text, notification, or since I have the iPhone 11, if I accidentally slide up on the screen(without closing anything) it disconnects me from the game. Which is so frustrating because you’ll have so much time put into a game and then, BAM, disconnected with no way to rejoin. Or the game freezes with the property cards still up. It’s very frustrating. If they were to fix the issues with disconnections then I will change my review, because the concept is actually pretty great!', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 2, 5, 3), 'userName': 'Lilgeorgia12264', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13839957, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We appreciate your kind words, and we can assure you that this is our top priority. We are working tirelessly to make sure the game is rock solid. Our next update will include a lot of these fixes as well as performance and stability tweaks. We apologize for the inconvenience this has caused, and we thank you for your patience. ', 'modified': '2020-03-03T21:58:06Z'}}, {'title': 'Good Enough to Get Your Fix. Not Much More.', 'review': 'Here’s the thing, if you absolutely love monopoly, you’ll get it here. It’s fantastic, quick enough that you can play games in less than an hour without getting sick of animations. But after that it’s another $5 for the “Snowdrop Valley” board and $30 for the “season pass,” which as of right now means nothing than the promise of more boards to come. So for twice the price of the actual game you can get the promise of something cool coming... whenever they make enough money to make the next board. This is a great game for monopoly lovers, just don’t expect it to do much for anyone else.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 5, 24, 48), 'userName': 'Joe Tancula'}, {'title': 'Great but…', 'review': 'I love monopoly and this game captures so much of the classic game, even allowing house rules. The animations are fun, and the overall quality is perfect. My one issue is the AI dice rolls do not seem random. After playing multiple games, there is a clear pattern. The AI will always land on the most property turn 1, roll big numbers and somehow manage to squeak past your property. The difficulty level seems to impact the dice randomness. The harder the difficulty, the less random. The easier the difficult, the more random. Difficulty should only impact trades, how willing AI is to trade and how good/bad the trades are. This is very frustrating, to a point that brings my rating to 3 stars.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 17, 2, 9, 57), 'userName': 'LPDarkGangs98'}, {'title': 'Constantly freezing up!', 'review': 'So I am a HUGE monopoly fan and I do love the fact that I don’t have to deal with the money or pieces, HOWEVER, this game constantly freezes. Every time I play with my boyfriend, the game freezes and we have to just quit. It’s annoying. Not only that, but when playing with a computer, it’s super obvious that the dice rolls aren’t random. Somehow, the computer always seems to dodge our houses or hotels. I mean come on nobody is that lucky all the time. It also seems like the game chooses a person they want to win. Once one person starts winning, it’s like they get all the free parking and all the money and just get super lucky. Hoping some of these issues get fixed, or I won’t be using this app.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 9, 22, 10, 23), 'userName': 'PaigeM1227'}, {'title': 'Monopoly review', 'review': 'Who doesn’t love this iconic board game?! Items I think can be revised:\n- computer isn’t realistic when making trades. I can understand the difficulty level and the prices the want for a trade, but at least be consistent when CPU to CPU trades are happening. Example: $300 + deed to me but $50 + deed for a trade between CPUs.\n- what happened to the different tokens moving along the spaces in their own unique way? The cat used to walk and the ship used to be underway, the car drove, etc \n- are there going to be new board sets and tokens? Wish there was an option to see the board evolve as buildings were purchased.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 26, 22, 57, 55), 'userName': 'DangerousDaveMina'}, {'title': 'This hurts...', 'review': 'I’ve grown up playing monopoly and love it dearly. But I’ve gotten frustrated being that I’ve only been playing six days, but have had about NINE game freezes so far (usually around start up, but a few in game). Running on an iPhone 11 Pro Max with ample storage room and WiFi makes this more than a little perplexing. Also, I’ve seen pieces move a number of spaces different from what is on the dice: I rolled a six, went seven. Buying a game that only works sometimes and has no rank system so I have to watch horrible deals on turn 3 end the game for all but the benefactor? I’m uninstalling/requesting a refund in a few hours, but I’ll offer a small window for a response. There’s just no justification for paying for this.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 7, 13, 44, 46), 'userName': 'GrayJediJ'}, {'title': 'Great...but Maybe...', 'review': 'I really enjoy this game on the phone, I did not like the actual board game at all...took too long. This app is great...but maybe you could offer the players a more interactive gameplay. Like maybe custom houses to choose from or an opportunity to choose from a few options of houses or hotels to give their property a more customized curb appeal. Then you could even generate a “street view” of the properties. As far as gameplay goes it’s great too...but maybe make it to where even properties with houses or hotels on them can be traded or bought/sold. These ideas are just some to add to an already great app!!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 1, 3, 39, 9), 'userName': 'Dannomanst'}, {'title': 'Fun game but it keeps disconnecting', 'review': 'I hate that you can’t exit the game to answer a quick text, call, or anything else you may need to do on your phone while playing. \n\nAnd then.... In more than one occasion, the game has disconnected me and it is so frustrating because my friends and I are having a great time playing - we’ve invested an hour into the game, and without warning, one or two players will be disconnected with AI taking over but oddly the disconnected players will still be able to view the game and watch the AI make moves on their behalf.  OR the game will just simply freeze in the middle of a turn. When you spend an hour or so on a game and then the board freezes, it’s so incredibly aggravating. \n\nPLEASE FIX THIS!', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 3, 31, 59), 'userName': 'kkang5123'}, {'title': 'Good start but definitely room for improvement', 'review': 'Does a good job of portraying the classic game but since it is still really new app glitches can be expected. As of now the game will freeze and crash pretty regularly, hopefully this can be fixed soon. I don’t like that there is micro transactions and a season pass to purchase, especially since I already spent money to buy the game. \nI mainly like to play against computers since I’m able to stop and restart the game when needed. Something I would like to see soon is an option to fast forward through the computers to help speed along the game. As for the online play I hope to see a chat added sometime.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 21, 45, 35), 'userName': 'Sweet737737'}, {'title': 'Similar to the classic board game', 'review': 'I thought this would be a great way to play Monopoly long distance with family members. All the graphics and animations are overwhelming at first, but then it gets fun. The classic gameplay is preserved well. \n\nThe only problem is all players have to be committed to playing the whole thing in one sitting. We’d rather it was turn-based in a way that we’d get a notification when it’s our turn. But I suppose a game like Monopoly doesn’t lend itself to that kind of play, since properties can be auctioned. However, I feel like with rules tweaked slightly to achieve that option.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 23, 21, 43, 12), 'userName': 'CaliRya'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 13, 34, 45), 'userName': 'PacerGal_1972', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love playing Monopoly but now need to play it online due to moving and a loss of in-person game nights. I am so glad I found this app! I haven’t experienced any of the bugs others reported a year or so ago, so I wanted to give an update to let people who are considering this app know that it works perfectly every time I play it. I also love the option of being able to purchase different boards to play on. I enjoy playing AI as well as playing against other humans on this app. Thank you for this!', 'title': 'Thankful for this app!'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 4, 10), 'userName': 'LoriP33', 'isEdited': False, 'review': '3/7/20 update. Freezing has become more frequent for online multiplayer, about 3 out of 4 times. No longer think it is people leaving. Last few days the game has frozen on the player who is winning. I really want to like this game but it’s not worth the time spent.\n\nOriginal\nThe games freezes about at third of the time. I don’t know if it’s because someone has left or if they’re having problems with their internet connection. If they’ve left I wish the game would tell you and replace that player with and automate. If internet connection, the game should say that then time out the player after 2 minutes or so. When it works I really like the game and the graphics.', 'title': 'Good except Freezing'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 3, 57, 36), 'userName': 'Pinky jingles', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Fun take on the classic game. Too many freezes and lags though. Online play is nearly impossible to finish and I still can’t tell if I’m playing AI or other players. It freezes nearly every match and I’m assume there are no live players left, only the computer. It would be nice to be able to check the properties even when it isn’t your turn as well, you have a short timer to do everything on your turn, when it’s not necessary to look at certain things during then. For a paid app I wish it were better, but an adequate version of the real game. Maybe they’ll take the feed back and make it better.', 'title': 'Could be better'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 11, 31, 33), 'userName': 'Uneak03', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game has potential to be great, but at the moment there is way to many bugs in it and because of that, I give it a low rating. I find the game freezing mid-play almost every game and when it’s not freezing, players are taking forever to take there turn, leaving the rest to just sit and wait forever.  There needs to be a pause option in place and if that player isn’t back within a certain time, they get removed from the game. The game also kicks you once you back out of the app, another reason for a pause/resume button. There is also this really annoying glitch where if a trade is offered to someone, it’ll automatically accept the trade without giving you the chance to accept, reject, or counter offer it.', 'title': 'Needs fixing'}, {'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12321050, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Our customer support normally gets back to you within 24h. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.\r", 'modified': '2019-12-10T15:22:51Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 6, 40, 40), 'userName': 'Srb11111', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Seeing a lot of complaints about the multi-player, but Im here to tell you that the single player isnt any better.  The game doesnt exactly freeze, it just doesnt allow you to continue.  There are just times when an AI player’s turn is over and its going to be your turn, but the dice just dont show up.  Your only option is to quit the game (and forced save).  When you come back, the last turn is replayed, and its a crapshoot if you’ll avoid the bug or loop right back to it.  \n\nAlso disappounting for a paid ap, there are only a few player token options included.  Even worse are the limited custom rule options.  And theres no link to support in the game, only an email address.  Based on this, I know Ill be avoiding this developer in the future.', 'title': 'Truly disappointing - bugs'}, {'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299457, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T18:07:21Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 11, 34, 19), 'userName': 'Palkovics Gergo', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'First of all, I love the game and I would give it a five star. It is very addictive and super fun. But I have yet to finish a game due to constant online crashes.\n\nI had crashes where the game just stopped, one of the offer screens just froze and could not close it in any way or the game is just endlessly waiting for an offer.\n\nThere are a lot of annoying small issues that just completely ruin this game. For a paid game, these crashes are unacceptable and it is really not that complicated to make this level of networking work properly. There is absolutely no point to the game if the online version does not work at all. You can imagine how annoying it is to play for an hour and half and suddenly the game just stops working. On top of this, there are number on in-game transactions to a game that does not work... \n\nLet’s not forget about the annoying UI bugs, extremely low res and pixelated screens and UI elements. This could have been a great game, but in its current form it does not worth the money at all.\n\nPlease fix these. So far this is really annoying that I have not yet been able to finish a game...', 'title': 'Crashed on every online game!'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 25, 20, 33, 54), 'userName': 'Brit_Nicole89', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Since I was a kid I have always loved playing Monopoly but not everyone can sit down and play a game because of how much time it can take. When I play on the app I can play online against friends or other players and I can also play the computer.  Either way it can be a challenge but always enjoyable. There are so many modes to choose and never boring. You can also purchase if you want a certain token or different board. I would highly suggest purchasing this app if you are someone who enjoys monopoly.', 'title': 'Love'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 4, 20, 41), 'userName': '?k@t', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'First of all this game plays just like the board game just a little quicker. My friends and I always play this game together so it’s really fun. Couple of problems though, you can’t do anything else on your phone while your the playing the game. You may receive a call or even a message and your game will disconnect you and replace you with an ai. \nAlso once in a long game you might roll a number and the game just stops and the game is basically over. It would be great if this could be fixed. Honestly it’s worth $3.99 but those bugs make me kinda regret buying the game.', 'title': 'Great game but needs work!'}, {'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12321408, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback and are very happy to tell you that we are already working on a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. A lot of other cool features are in the works as well! Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any other suggestions or even concerns.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T15:41:38Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 4, 10), 'userName': 'Fernandhoe', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is overall great it’s nice playing with friends who live all around the world! But the bad thing about it is that we can’t reconnect to the game. Sometimes our internet crashes or our connection just simply goes bad. You sometimes can’t even leave the app to reply to a text or answer a phone call because you’ll be disconnected. That completely kills the gameplay especially when you’ve been playing for a long period of time With your friends. Please add a reconnect option all other games I’ve played on mobile gaming already have it.', 'title': 'Needs a reconnect option!'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 12, 23, 20, 41), 'userName': 'JokerJJonising', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is such a fun game, only reason I’m giving it 1 star is you can tell the outcome of the game, within reason, after about 5 turns. After that if you have the least amount of properties, quit and start a new game, you have 0 chance of winning. I’ve read the developers replying to others, who’ve said the same, trying to say the algorithm is random. just makes me laugh. Within 5 turns, 1 person has good karma 2 people have medium karma, and one person is just getting screwed over left and right, WITHOUT FAILURE. It’s a run on joke in my family now. (We’ve been playing monopoly for over 20 years now) They watch me play and I call what the dice will show... so for that I guess it’s entertaining lol. Not worth spending a penny on though.', 'title': 'The Algorithm is not random.'}, {'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17657870, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review  and feedback. I'm happy to inform you that our team is already working on a leaderboard and ranking system along with a reward feature, and it will be released with a huge update that we are planning to launch in the future. We appreciate your feedback, and we are happy to hear that you like the game overall. If you have any concerns, or questions, please feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-02T23:09:02Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 29, 4, 43, 6), 'userName': 'Kat_Marisa', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Although this game still brings me joy tons of joy, I wish there was more to the app. We are already paying $4 for a game. At least make some of it challenging like leaderboards, a way to earn pieces through a number of wins, or even just some kind of scoreboard to keep track of how many times I’ve won! Maybe a badge system? \n\nThe game is already fun and I feel it’s addictive due to the competitiveness, I just wish there was more to help fuel my competitive wants. That way, I could convince my friends to buy it and play, too!  Especially since we are in quarantine; I feel if there were more to the app, sales would boost.', 'title': 'Super Fun, But Lacking...'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 5, 30, 15), 'userName': 'VSYDNEE', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I definitely feel like this exceeds standards!! It’s easy to maneuver and you can customize the rules. You have the option of playing online, with friends, or by yourself with the computer. There is also options to change the level of difficulty along with your character. There are other boards and game pieces you can buy but personally I prefer the original. I’ve had absolutely no problems with glitches, lags, or ads. If you are looking for a decent game of monopoly please buy! Also if you’re into solving mysteries, Hasbros game of clue is also a worthy mention!', 'title': '4 Stars'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 16, 37, 16), 'userName': 'J u s t i n H a m p t o n', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game, especially since I’m currently in quarantine.  My only gripes are two things.  For one why only allow 4 player multiplayer?  The board game usually supports 6, and many times while families will play together upping the total past 6.  4 is too low.  Also, the game disconnects too easily.  When I go to adjust the volume of my tablet it disconnects.  This is especially a problem if you haven’t ended your turn.  The AI that takes over for you..... doesn’t end the turn and bricks the game.   \n\nStill a fun game, but it could be so much better.', 'title': 'Loads of fun.... with limitations'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 23, 9, 43, 20), 'userName': 'HisChxca', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is a great and classic game but there are flaws. When a person leaves a game or isn’t playing, I think they should be kicked or else the others sit waiting for their moves and when waiting for a trade decision to be made, there is nothing you can do except quit or wait. I think there should be a couple of character add-on pieces that are different colored like gold. I also think once you win a game there should be maybe a coin or token system to buy other things without having to make in app purchases. Overall, the game is great but just a couple adjustments.', 'title': 'Good Game'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 4, 34, 39), 'userName': 'Txjeepmudder', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Monopoly is a great game. The app itself is new and has few glitches to it but I’m sure they’ll fix with time. Couple things they could add though are: \n1. Being able to save games and play multiple at the same time. Kind of like that old game Words with Friends where you could play multiple ones and whenever the next persons turn was over it would notify you. \n2. If you win a game online with other real people your Monoply piece should be able to turn from silver to gold just as kind of a cool token that shows other people online that you’ve won with that piece before. \n3. A few more customizable rules would be nice. \n4.Winnable tokens instead of just all buy-able tokens \n5. Online tournaments that you and your friends can make brackets to. \nAll in all the game is excellent with nice interactive boards and hits everything you’ve come to know and love about monopoly. Would highly suggest to anyone that likes the game.', 'title': 'Great Game - Must Have App'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 12, 15, 47), 'userName': 'yatesjarr88', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The newest update changed many buttons—- (End turn, Comments, etc) they are all over the place and not intuitive any longer. Please put them all back in a row on the left hand side of the game as they used to be. Also when a player rolls a number, the space they land on should kind of pop up, it does, but thats after the space prior to where they are landing pops up so you are fooled into thinking they landed in the prior space. Also, when properties are for sale, the $$ amount FONT is jacked up, its spread out and looks weird.', 'title': 'Newest update needs work'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 7, 55, 27), 'userName': 'David from Church', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s me again. We haven’t talked in a while. How are the kids? Are you still driving the old hatchback? I just really want to see the kids again, Karen. I can’t believe you’re doing this. They’re just as much my kids as they are yours! You’re still\nseeing that jackass Brian aren’t you?! You tell Brian he’ll never be half the father I am! I don’t want my kids being raised by some half-wit British drunk! But anyways, I’ve been playing Monopoly on my mobile cellular phone, and my boyfriend Isaiah and I both agree that it’s a great time. 5/5', 'title': 'Hey'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 21, 28, 42), 'userName': 'adventuretiff', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really wish that the app was more user-friendly in terms of choosing online lobbies. They should have a search feature that has filters of the custom modes so I could search through the available multiplayer online lobbies like the Among Us app.\n\nAlso, my friend and I wanted to verse each other remotely in a 4-person game with other real players but we could only play a 2-person game or have the rest be AI. I wish we could open our lobby to being online to fill our player slots instead of it being AI. It would also probably be helpful to have a friends list feature in game like the UNO app.', 'title': 'Classic and fun game but...'}, {'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15588938, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your review. We really appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had some trouble with our Monopoly app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs. We appreciate your patience, and if you have any questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We are here to help! \n', 'modified': '2020-05-27T05:05:54Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 26, 18, 8, 43), 'userName': 'jason9m9', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve only had the app about a month and I was happy to spend time playing against others online to pass the time.  When I first got it, it seemed really smooth, but after some updates and for the last two weeks I haven’t been able to finish an entire game without a no response from one character and it being stuck on them forever until everyone just leaves and you have to start all over again.  This is the kind of game that takes too long sometimes to have to worry about a game just never finishing because of something like that.  Appreciate all the work, but the game just desperately needs stronger stability.', 'title': 'Please just fix the stability'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 23, 18, 46), 'userName': 'navidabasi', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really enjoy playing this amazing game but there is a simple reason that i gave it only a star! Because on the multiplayer section i  wanted to play against other players so i select 4person instead of random but in the end of the game I realized that one of them is a bot! \nYou asked how did i find out? Easy , it kept giving me trade offers over and over on the exact same price on a low delay time!! If you played this game before you know that’s impossible to do so in a short period of time to get exact same price before and i used a trick to trick this bot and make a trade that is just usefull for me and has nothing to do with him i gave him a expensive piece of land instead of taking all colors of the brown and he took it and gave me 200$ aswell', 'title': '1 star because of lie'}, {'userName': 'Gabe Michel', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 0, 7, 42), 'title': 'See some changes', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is an awesome game. All I do is play this game but it would be better if there were a way to communicate during the game. Also keeping a record of wins and losses or a ranked system for skilled players. Another thing is when you press random buttons and selections in the game, it can confuse it and freeze it causing everybody to quit. \nOne last thing would be to possibly be able to combine online multiplayer with custom rules so that we can enable the free parking as a jackpot with random players. Thanks for listening :)', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'shon3', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 3, 59, 34), 'title': 'Garbage, dice rolls are not random', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game has the most improbable dice rolls. Things happen in ways that just don’t seem random at all. Like all 4 players landing on the same square at once... multiple times. Or going to jail 10 times in one game and not at all in another game. Or all 4 players go to jail at once. Last time I played, my first three rolls were the same number as the person before me. I got sick of the non-random garbage and quit playing. I actually want a refund because it is that bad. They really need to get somebody who understands random numbers to fix their dice rolls... The good news is you can still play regular monopoly with real random dice. In all my life I never saw so many odd coincidences playing real Monopoly. This electronic version is garbage by comparison.', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Hiyojo09', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 4, 45, 5), 'title': 'Fun, but the game glitches A LOT', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is fun. It’s like the true monopoly board game and it is entertaining to play, but with that being said, it glitches SO MUCH. I’ve been in the middle of numerous games, and then it will glitch or somebody will leave the game, and it won’t let me(& probably the rest of the players) finish the game. It just freezes and stays frozen, so I eventually have to just quit the game and go to the main menu. I’m annoyed that this is a paid app, and I paid money to download it, just for it to not let me finish 40% of the games I play. If I knew it would do that, I wouldn’t have even downloaded it for free. This problem needs to be fixed.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Xdvon', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 21, 31, 1), 'title': 'Good mechanics, too slow', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is sound logically, it contains all the functions and algorithms of a real monopoly board game. The graphics are almost impressive. However, no matter where I am or what internet I’m connected to it continues to run slowly at times and even freeze up during the middle of a game. I have ended up quitting 75% of the games I have started because no activity occurs for 3-5 minutes when players should be playing. This has even happened on my turn, or before the game even starts. My suggestion is that there is a problem in the servers or cloud running your app, and a connectivity upgrade is needed. Please fix this!', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Ericzxqy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 3, 25, 28), 'title': 'Horrible', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I truly love the game of monopoly and I love the challenge to beat the real life folks and the AI. There is 3 levels of AI players which is easy, medium and hard. Just to have the best challenge I play against the hard AI everytime...the game will almost always allow their rolls to skip over your houses and hotels at an exponential rate greater than what they allow you to hit there’s. I have had multiple times 3 sets of hotels to their 1 set and the will circle the board 5-6 times and never got my hotels but I will roll and hit theirs almost everytime round. I’m not a sore loser, I would just appreciate if the rolls were truly random at all levels of AI and not completely obviously bias. I recommend the playing against only real players if you want a fair chance!', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'CGilman01', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 17, 9, 16, 11), 'title': 'Online gameplay', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'For the most part this version of Monopoly is a decent game. Single play can entertaining for the most part, but eventually you want more. Pass and play can also with a friend can seem like fun and time are friends. The ability to have exotic tokens and boards is also interesting as long as you want to buy them. However the the one component that is a real crapper is the online gaming. It seems the game developers still have not fixed the bugs in that. If you are playing agame with other people around the world. And one of them quits or has a bad reception. Please be sure you will have to quit and start over. This can be furious upsetting if you are a very good player. Please read this and keep this in mind before buying this game.', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'tiddybody', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 26, 5, 15, 45), 'title': 'Mildly annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The games is great and certainly like the real life counter part but one issue I deal with is if you either pull up a new tab for even a second or a low battery sign flashes up. Every time that happens when I’m playing multiplayer it always disconnects me from my game and I’m not sure if others have that same issue or not but it really annoys me when it happens, usually while doing good to make matters worse. But other than that it’s definitely a great game but needs some serious bug fixes. Would rate 5 stars but this small issue keeps me from doing so.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Jynxe7', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 13, 37, 55), 'title': 'Great graphics. Usability needs some tweaking.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Pros- Graphics run great. Gameplay is fun. Customizable board options are great. \nCons- Mulitplayer games crash and close the board anytime you toggle to another screen on your phone. If you get a phone call or jump over to respond to a text real quick between rolls, your game crashes and is gone. No chat interface in the game to communicate with your friends you are playing with. And since you can’t toggle between messaging and the game, there is no way to play the game and keep a stream of communication going with your friend you are playing with.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'joshtp1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 24, 20, 54, 59), 'title': 'Mobile App Disgrace', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Literally freezes every other game. I have gone literally 5 games in a row where it freezes right when the game gets good. Trades do this. There’s nothing you can do, there’s no fix, and if you’re playing ONLINE like the majority of you are, you have to quit and start a new game. Not only that but the only possible way to share the game so someone can join is via messenger, anything else will tab you out and if you tab out you get kicked from the lobby. Before I knew all of this I paid $9.99 for a cool looking dark board, and it’s all for nothing. I’m refunding this piece of absolute garbage, and if you’re reading this, pick another game. Please. Don’t stress over this poorly coded app. You will lose every game RIGHT when it gets good.', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Polylegend', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 1, 30, 54), 'title': 'Stats/player ratings', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really enjoy this game, and I want to continue to enjoy it. But right now it’s missing a few key components to make it a great game. First is player stats. We should see our win/loss ratio, along with stats. A ranking system would be great as well. A way to earn different rankings to play with more ranked players. There should also be a way to rate other players you’ve played with. I’ve had some games ruined by other players, and it would be nice to have a way to share that with the community. \n\nJust some thoughts, otherwise still a fun game to play. Thanks!', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Champ_xxavi.21', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 9, 25, 10), 'title': 'Update', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Great update, obviously heading to the right direction with fixing issues, but one thing we all would love, in Online Mode, there should be a time limit, even a connection error, multiple time i have had this situation where one person logs out the game or something and the game gets stuck and no one can continue playing the current game, please fix this, i hate that i have to restart de app because one person had a connection issue! Love your app, play it every day, game worth buying!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Whosjames', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 2, 11, 4), 'title': 'Game play is skewed', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing monopoly my whole life. I’m an average player for the most part but I’ve been keeping track of the probabilities involved in the game for a long time because that sort of thing interests me. In a real life game when you play “properly” you have about a 40% chance of winning. The rest is up to the luck of the dice, which is the fun of the game. In this game, you lose 78% of the time when you play by the book (this after 50 games). However, when I purchased a new game piece I suddenly won 60% of my next 10 games then straight back to where it was. This is not an honest game. If you’re wanting to have an honest game to improve your monopoly skills don’t use this app. Find another. This thing is trash.', 'rating': 1}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16203841, 'body': "Hey! thank you for your feedback. We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, and we apologize for the bad experience. I've shared this information with our designers for them to discuss it during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested-for features so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in Monopoly!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-06-25T00:19:23Z'}, 'userName': 'LLLLLJJJJJLLLLL', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 24, 18, 45, 8), 'title': 'Slower than usual and graphics make me sick', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It just seems slower than usual. The load up time when starting a new game (I don’t need to spend forever looking as the animation flies around the board). In addition, the flying in motion makes me feel sick as well as the tracking of the pieces on every turn. I would love to be able to disable these excessive graphics. \n\nAlso, is there a reason we have to see the long AI roll and tracking as it moves space by space across the board? I feel when I’m playing a quick play mode, most of the time spent is waiting for the AI to roll and then watching it move. It gets boring after while (as well as nauseating with excessive motion).', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'revof11', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 13, 12, 29, 32), 'title': '4 star overall, 2 star online', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Great edition of the game - first one I’ve liked on the computer in years as it doesn’t have over-the-top, long animations and stays true to the feel of the physical board game very well.  It’s missing a house rule I use (around the board once before purchasing properties) but it’s still fantastic.\n\nOnline, that’s a another story.  Sessions hang, disconnects seem to happen frequently and I’ve gotten frozen on several animations where even letting it sit for a while didn’t pick back up.\n\nI don’t like playing online too much so it doesn’t bother me, though.', 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12317634, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T12:41:51Z'}, 'userName': 'kamuji2020', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 5, 57, 11), 'title': 'Major disappointment', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing this game since it was released. I was hopeful and I like the graphics but what I don’t like is cheating. When playing on single player mode against AI the other players would skip a space. This is unfortunate because this throws the odd and are usually favorable for the computer. I am sure the game is a good game to oaky against another online player, but having little times and having to step away form the game would not be reasonable to keep other players waiting.\nAdditionally, there been times when I have lost all my Monopoly money due to system corruption or glitch. When this happens it tend to also freeze.\nToo bad, I had high hopes for this game :(', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'Asillidae', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 4, 22, 20, 47), 'title': 'Fun but buggy.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Downloaded this game about a week ago & although it’s like the classic monopoly game there are lots of bugs. \n\n1. When I run an online game with friends. We will get about twenty or so minutes in the game & establish monopoly’s just to have the game glitch out when you end a turn. Causing it to never allow you to end your turn thus making you have to force close the app & start from fresh. It has happened to us twice today which is super frustrating. \n\n2. Rolls don’t seem random or based on probability. I played a game earlier today where I kept getting the same roll that landed me in jail. For six straight turns I landed on the go to piece while other players were buying property. I feel as though if the rolls were random, the odds of me landing on the same token each time would be smaller & smaller. \n\nI’ve spent money on a token / board & my coworkers & I love this game. But I don’t think we will be playing it much longer if the issues at hand are not fixed.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Rinksrat', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 30, 6, 28, 59), 'title': 'Fun and simple but....', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Easy to use app and always fun to play. However, it needs a serious tune up especially for a paid app. Problem one, For example, if you get disconnected, 9 times out of 10 you won’t be able to reconnect. Say you are playing a 4  group play with friends and half way through you get disconnected. Game over for you as you likely can’t reconnect and the computer just takes over. Allow the player to reconnect and begin playing where the game left off.\n\nProblem 2. Expand on the chat. Sure you have a cheese messenger, but at lest allow to enter you own custom messages. The preprogrammed dozen messages fall short. \n\nProblem 3. Your really going to up sell the game using game pieces and board backgrounds? Cheap...', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Username: anxietea', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 12, 21, 57, 48), 'title': 'It’s a fun game but it freezes', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I absolutely love Monopoly and I was really excited to download this game. Everything runs absolutely fine and it is fun, but it keeps freezing. It’s not my connection because I play it at home on full WiFi. I’m not sure if it’s something with the game, but sometimes it will get to the screen of the players on the Go space before the game starts and then will just get stuck there. Or other times, it will get stuck on the trading screen and won’t go anywhere else. I’m not sure what the problem is, but it’s very annoying and often happens when I’m deep into a game and then I have to stop the app.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'CaptainKittyX', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 11, 46, 9), 'title': 'Game play lost', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is not worth the money we pay for it! Here is the reason: You play for 1-2 hours and the it just freezes. Meaning, it will show you the shiny sky scrapers, the trains, and the moving traffic, but the actual game play just freezes. No matter what you do, at least 50% of the time you will lose all the play you made, and you would have to restart the app. There is no way for us to rejoin the ongoing game. You will just have to start a new one. Who cares about the useless animations, when the core feature (the actual game play) doesn’t work. I tried online multiplayer (not the one with the friends). Not sure how good/bad that type of game is. I will never play this game again, and will ask for return of my money.', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'dedisin', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 24, 1, 25, 34), 'title': 'Disappointed', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Dear Sirs,\n\nIm very happy that you have released this game on a mobile platform, only it doesn't look ready to be reviewed  as a great game so far ‘cause it keeps freezing many times. I cannot be sure that I will be able to finish a game, it will work 1 time out of 10 games which is pretty disappointing and makes me wanna delete it but its still my preferred board game of all, please help us enjoy the game to the maximum, eliminate all the freezing issues and let us know when a player has left the game and please replace it with CPU or AI or whatever you want just so that everybody gets to enjoy this game on mobile as much as the real one.", 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Dmacfff', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 22, 14, 48), 'title': 'Love the game! 1 issue and 1 improvement!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493790, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware of a glitch with trading, and we believe it should be fixed in the most recent update (1.0.7). Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused. Regarding the "$400 on Go" custom rule - this is only awarded for landing directly on Go, not just for passing it. Thank you for your suggestion regarding reselling property - I have forwarded this idea to our design team for consideration. ', 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:47:15Z'}, 'review': 'There’s an issue with the “$400 on go” when you set the rule on it still gives only $200! Lastly, it would be nice if you guys gave us the option to sale property. Whether it be for needing money or simply not wanting the property anymore. For reason such as it’s simply not making money, or you can’t achieve a color. Now there’s another glitch! There’s an issue with trade deals after the last update. They’re accepting themselves without being sent to other players.'}, {'userName': 'shumaquill', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 18, 2, 15), 'title': 'The best and inspiring to get a new game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This is the best game ever and there is litterly no adds I don’t know if this is a glitch but I love it! I played once with my friends and they stink at it I won, They sold me all the property’s on the board. I very much recommend this. It was worth the money. When I looked up monopoly there was a pack of “monopoly, Life, Clue, and battle ship” I did not get the pack because it was 8.99$ but I did go get Life I haven’t played it yet( because I’ve been playing this) but I think monopoly is good to be hard to beat.👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻'}, {'userName': 'Ohaii_pinay', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 7, 10, 51), 'title': 'Love the game so much but...', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I just wish the game came with a couple board with the standard package. I understand that they have to make money but each expansion is so pricey. The game play is fun, and I’m happy with how smooth the game is! I hope people continue to play online so that I always have people to play with. \n\nOne suggestion? Add a text box when playing with friends. I hate exiting the app to ask my friend a game question and then I get kicked out of our session. If they’re my friends that I’m playing with anyways, I should be able to chat with them since they are not strangers.'}, {'userName': 'Okiebookworm', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 22, 20, 18), 'title': 'Tired of losing', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'As a Single player against AI players, the game itself works mostly fine. However, the game is clearly skewed in favor of the AI players. They regularly get large bonuses and land on all unowned properties to buy. I however incessantly land on spaces that take most of my funds. I also never seem to land on unowned spaces to be able to buy them up.  And even though I have elected to play against the AI on the easy setting, I can’t fathom what the hard setting looks like. They build up hotels and houses so fast that you, who consistently loses your $200 GO salary to the income tax space, immediately go bankrupt. I don’t expect to win every time but getting beaten to a pulp every single game isn’t fun at all.'}, {'userName': 'Bullybobs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 14, 32, 5), 'title': 'You won’t be winning', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'There is a user that wrote a review named “The fern” and they summarized all my frustrations perfectly. Long story short, I don’t expect to win all the time. But wins are extremely scarce on hard and somewhat more consistent on medium. However, no matter what difficulty you’re on, the computer will roll the right number just about every time even if you own an entire side of the board! Hard difficulty needs to be toned down and there needs to be some serious fixes to what I’ll call “dice and card luck” for the player vs for the computer. \n\nAlso animation speed up would be pretty cool too.'}, {'userName': 'UltimateHurt', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 3, 23, 12, 56), 'title': 'Still buggy', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'So when I initially bought this game it constantly disconnected while playing others online. You still disconnect often but not nearly as frequent. Overall the app is a lot of fun and I have had multiple games with online players since downloading it. However, the game is starting to lose my interest the more I play it. There isn’t much satisfaction when players quit half way through and you realize you are just playing the AI. I have some ideas for improvement that would improve the game.\n\n**record statistics - wins, losses, average game length, game finish percentage. \n**Make a leaderboard - create a leaderboard of statistics.\n**add a points system for placing 1st or second and finishing a game. Be able to buy limited game pieces and add-ons for the game with the points won. \n**allow mergers- make an offer to merge all assets and split turns for a single piece. If your piece wins then you get to split the point for placing first.'}, {'userName': 'Honestly...123', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 9, 9, 1), 'title': 'Feels Rigged', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Truthfully, I love Monopoly.  This app feels rigged when playing in “Single Player” mode. I hate to say it, but it is 100% true. There are other reviews stating the same thing. I don’t always like playing with other online users because like anything else there is human error, and same goes with playing someone I know and waiting for their turn to finish. I had higher expectations which I am sad to say were not met. I’m definitely up for a challenge when it comes to Monopoly, but not immediately after purchasing hotels on Park Place and Boardwalk only for every single player besides myself to land on the “Go to Jail” square literally 7 times, and that’s just one example.'}, {'userName': 'Tht1otherguy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 23, 12, 48), 'title': 'Online multiplayer needs a turn timer', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’m fairly satisfied with the app in just about every other aspect, other than the fact that when I’m playing online and someone is about to lose, they just sit there and don’t ever finish their turn, forcing other players to leave the cue, causing the game to not finish playing itself out. \n\nI definitely think that if there was a 20-30 second turn timer to decide which actions to take during your turn, it would allow players to continue their game while not being unnecessarily “stuck” because one person decides they want to be a sore loser.'}, {'userName': 'babynbofficial', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 27, 6, 47, 37), 'title': 'Still Needs Improvements', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'in the single player and multiplayer mode there are glitches and bugs. In the game it sometimes automatically rolls the dice for u. Then another problem is when u land on another players owned spot it will take extra money then what it will say on the card please check it and take your time and effort to make sure that none of this will happen in the future. People pay almost 4.00$ for this game and i dont want to sound like a complainer but im sorry if i do.'}, {'userName': "Camryn & Caiden's Dad", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 23, 23, 23), 'title': 'Multiplayer has many flaws (2nd revision)', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The biggest flaw is the game freezes all the time. I still have audio and movement but play stalls. There’s also certain things you can do that is glitchy and allows you to keep your money. Should have in game notifications and a shot clock that actually works. Players leave and you are forced to quit. Would be nice if your wins losses etc were kept but I’d rather these other issues be resolved first. I will keep playing in hopes the developers fix all these issues in multiplayer but I won’t get my hope up. \n\nDefinitely a 5 star if they fix multiplayer. Single player has limited to no glitches but the players are no competition.\n\n(Revised)\n\nThey have made improvements. There are still glitches and some players take advantage of them. Purposely freezing the game because it doesn’t go their way. Still enjoyable but major let down when you play so long and the game freezes. \n\nModified up to 2 stars. You guys can get to 5 I know it\n\n(2nd revision)\n\nGame has started locking up more often during multiplayer. Back to 2 stars due to games regression.'}, {'userName': 'antman1589', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 31, 6, 3, 30), 'title': 'I Hate to Do This... 🤦🏻\u200d♂️', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'This game has so much potential and I just wish the few bugs it has gets fixed immediately. I am unable to finish a game whether it’s from the game just freezing or me getting disconnected from it and takes me back to Game’s main menu. It’s only a few dollars I spent on this but it’s still money I work hard for and I’m hoping these bugs get fixed. I loved this game as a kid and I love this app when it works. I haven’t finished a full game for some time now and it’s getting quite frustrating. But it has a lot of potential to be something GREAT here. I’ll continue to play with hopes of completing my first game.'}, {'userName': 'andrew99236', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 19, 4, 45, 16), 'title': 'Terrible Dice Rolling', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I very much enjoy this game (with the multiplayer function to play with any/everyone anytime and updated graphics), and have been playing it for a while with friends. But compared to the last Monopoly game made by EA, this one does not allow finger-activated dice rolls, which lead me to believe that the generated dice rolls are avoiding certain spaces with a determined winner in mind. The game in general is a huge upgrade from the last version, but also a huge downgrade in this aspect; I hope in the future the developers implement a better system for more unique rolls, as it is disappointing for a game to cost $4.00 but not be as a realistic as a physical game.'}, {'userName': 'coultersucks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 17, 38, 44), 'title': 'Needs one thing to be perfect', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'The game itself is great if you love Monopoly. The only thing I’d recommend is an asynchronous multiplayer mode. Games like Ascension give the option to start a 2-4 player game online and set a time limit for the game of up to 28 days (with smaller limits also available), which allows the player to not be glued to their screen the entire time. This would be a great feature to add to Monopoly, as I don’t often have the time it would take to complete an online game when a single game of Monopoly can last for hours. \n\nAdd that, and this thing will be golden.'}, {'userName': 'Shaz3611', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 14, 25, 27), 'title': 'It’s ok', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I downloaded this game before a flight.  I have found that the single player game is not random.  The dice roles heavily favored the AI.  I have been playing this game for about a month and have won, one game out of about 25.  I had my wife play it.  She said the same thing and quit playing.  \nExamples:\n the opening round often sees the human player, land on chance, community chest and AI players property and not allow them to buy property until the second round.\nWhen human player comes up on GO, he will often land on the tax squares before and after.  \nHuman players go to jail way less than AI\nIf human player builds houses or hotels, chances of being landed on go down.\nIf a human is 2 or 3 squares from landing on AI property with hotel or houses, the chances of rolling that number greatly increases.\nIf you play with rules where you are distributed 3 properties, the Human will alway have the least valued properties as a group.\nI love monopoly.  I love monopoly even more when it is more random on dice rolls and game play.'}, {'userName': 'Glenn45040', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 21, 38, 8), 'title': 'Fun but is it rigged?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Getting doubles, especially 3 times in a row, is not common. Yet it’s VERY frequent in this game. The dice seem to be drawn like magic to CHANCE and COMMUNITY CHEST. Sometimes if you have property with hotels it is never landed on. Sometimes the opposite,,,people can’t stay away from it. It gives you the impression the game decides who shall win and not the random roll of the dice. With everything being manipulated to what property you land on (or don’t) to what numbers you roll the lack of randomness takes the fun out of the game. I can not understand why a completely random game that involves rolling a dice or drawing a card cannot be completely random.'}, {'userName': 'Wildabeast23', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 1, 10, 50, 38), 'title': 'Game is zero fun, DO NOT BUY', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The RNG on this game is actually terrible. The sole goal of the RNG is to drag out the game for as long as possible...it’s not even a PRNG, it just forces rolls that tip the game in your or the opponents favor. You can, without fail, predict when you will roll a 1, 2, 11, 12 or something ridiculous based off the momentum of the game.\n\nIf the makers had an epsilon of a brain, they’d implement an RNG that mimics an actual dice roll...and thereby, god forbid, monopoly that plays actually plays like monopoly?! Crazy idea right?!\n\nHonestly it’s not an issue with the devs so much as the greedy pigs who told them to drag out the game so they can shove marketing down your throat for as long as possible. But hey, what more can you expect from those charging $4 for an app in 2020. DO NOT BUY!!!!'}, {'userName': 'SwagFlu22', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 1, 36, 49), 'title': 'Can’t leave the app mid-game when playing online 😕', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Great app overall! I love Monopoly. However, I don’t have time to commit to playing a full game online in one sitting. This app can improve by allowing us to play one move at a time and give the opponent a 24-hr window to make their move. That way we can continue on with our regular lives and make quick moves when we get a free moment. This app can also improve by allowing us to chat with opponents when playing online. It’s unfortunate that I am not able to use any other apps on my phone when playing an online game. Hope to see this change in the future!'}, {'userName': 'Buhbi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 3, 58, 20), 'title': 'Needs a lot of work', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'First and foremost, I am an avid user of this app and I love playing the game in real life however there are so many improvements needed. To begin, I really like the user interface and the graphics are super nice however, the app has so many glitches. Anything that you do, even receiving a notification disconnects you from the game which can be terrible during a trade. Furthermore, the game will freeze and you will have to start over again. Overall, I do feel like this is a great start but it needs a lot of Improvements. I think adding a feature where you can actually build a profile that shows you your wins/losses as well as maybe building your own little town with money earned from your wins!'}, {'userName': 'Cactus1234567', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 10, 42, 44), 'title': 'Would Rather Get Covid-19 Than Pay For This Again', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Even though I am playing this game on Medium difficulty this game is rigged in ways that would make carnival workers blush. Four trips in a row around the board I have gone to Jail. Frequent landings on Income Tax and Luxury Tax. The AI opponent has landed on Free Parking, earning the bonus award, about four times. Put 4 houses on each of the red properties and then Baltic and Mediterranean. Since then I got the maintenance / tax penalty card with the per house charge twice. The AI proposes these insane trades. Yeah sure I have no problem giving you a monopoly with Boardwalk and Park Place in exchange for North Carolina Avenue even though you have $5K in cash from landing on Free Parking four times. Games are supposed to fun and this isn’t only not fun. It’s harassing. Thank God it was only $4.'}, {'userName': 'kuhlmanjosh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 12, 4, 49, 51), 'title': 'Game is Rigged', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This is the first review I have ever written and I’m so fed up with this game. When playing the computer, on easy, I can never win. Even if I own almost every property, I always land on the tax space or lose money to the computer’s 1 set of properties. Meanwhile, the computer lands on free parking, chest and chance spaces, and hardly ever on my properties. It’s also super annoying that the computer makes the same trade request every time even though I reject it. Also, don’t even try online play. It’ll just crash and also has rigged dice. There’s so much potential with this game if it wasn’t rigged in the computers favor. Should’ve read the reviews before buying. Ill be deleting this app off my phone. Too frustrating and a total waste of my money.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My first suggestion would be a hidden toolbars with specific tabs... 1st tab pan, rotate (90),  and zoom by %... 2nd tab properties-each player by descending wealth with properties listed. I personally use my iPhone se to play and the UI is a bit small. I am sure other players would love the zoom features. Custom chat would be great and also voice chat. I know plenty of people and friends I would play with if I had a friends list. \n\nThank you for reading the list of great demands that must be met lol 5*️⃣', 'title': 'Suggestions', 'userName': 'mk79056783', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 19, 20, 6, 56)}, {'isEdited': True, 'review': '1- why cannot we decide to bankrupt 2- why cannot we have more options to comment. Not every lucky word ?? 3- when we play I feel like the game is programmed for a winner no matter what 4- why when we purchase the season pass it cannot be downloaded to my other device that has same Apple ID !!\n\nThe game is crashing and when we in middle of game there is bug that won’t allow player to end turn and it’s over no matter what! This need to be fixed as this is repetitive almost everyday', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23086287, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Also, you should be able to restore your purchases by tapping the “Restore Purchases” button from the game’s Settings menu.  If you ever have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to let us know by sending us an email to help@marmalademial.com. Thank you!\n", 'modified': '2021-05-30T13:06:02Z'}, 'title': 'Little fix would be fine', 'userName': 'DroneGTA', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 2, 21, 8, 1)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'If you ever have a really long & crappy wait or you’re just stuck in the house during a (mandatory) rainy Corona virus day. This is the perfect “bored” game.  (see what we did there?)😂\nThe way this game is set up, it’s the perfect version of Daddy warbucks game to play solo all by yourself. I haven’t done it yet but up to 3 other friends can join in and play together. I like it like this better than in person on a monopoly board because then no one ever wants to go bankrupt and the game never ends. Like this, the game never ends.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15214589, 'body': "Thank you for your review! We're very happy to hear you enjoy playing Monopoly. Please don't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com if you have any suggestions or ideas about what you would like to see in Monopoly!", 'modified': '2020-05-10T00:22:25Z'}, 'title': 'Best board game ever', 'userName': 'Rfarley77', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 11, 38, 51)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing this game for a few weeks now and the game play is very good, as well as the graphics. The main problem I have with it is that the dice does not seem to roll according to the laws of probability. How can a person end up in jail three or four times in a  row? Lots of times when I have a colour set the opponents land in the spaces between the properties repeatedly. I have had games where I have landed on the tax space every time I came around. These things do not happen in the real game. It would be good if this could be addressed as it makes the game feel like it is set up and not chance.', 'title': 'Unrealistic dice rolls', 'userName': 'BornInEden', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 18, 4, 14, 42)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I enjoy this game when it works. It’s a great multiplayer, strategic game...however, there have been too many times that a player either leaves the game or goes bankrupt and the game doesn’t pass that players turn. So, you’ve been playing for 20-30 min and have to restart a new game because of a bug (that could easily be fixed). I tried to contact customer service but there isn’t a link readily available. \nAlso, there’s no incentive for online players to stay in the game if they’re losing. It’s no fun when you realize that a player has left and you’re playing a bot.', 'title': 'Bugs aren’t fixed', 'userName': 'Silver Cat 12', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 26, 22, 29, 11)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'If I had 3.99 for every time the online play on this game crashed... I don’t get to finish 4 out of 5 games I start. To say it’s glitchy is an understatement. If it weren’t so glitchy I might give it 3 or 4 stars. The animations take way to long, there is just to much time waisted waiting. There are also minor bugs, for example if all houses are purchased and someone with hotels wants to downgrade, it will allow them to downgrade to houses even though none are available. It should force them to either sell back all houses or keep hotels. The old app by EA was a much better playing experience with better game mechanics and much simpler (in my opinion better) graphics, but to be fair that one didn’t have online play.', 'title': 'I want to like it', 'userName': "jean's review", 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 11, 15, 39)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a super fun and addictive game app - especially for someone who doesn’t like traditional mobile games and misses traditional board games. My one complaint is that any time I check a property listing and hit “End Turn” the game freezes and it won’t work for anyone - even other players - and you can’t get out of it or do anything except force closing the app (which is really frustrating after putting 15 - 60 minutes into the game). That said, it’s my only complaint. If that was fixed this would get 5 stars!', 'title': 'More fun than the board game version', 'userName': 'CPruett7', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 23, 26, 45)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After several game plays, it has become painfully evident that the stupid game is not fair - the algorithm has control over how much money you have, how much property you own, etc., and even if you are playing very well, the algorithm can still play against you by having you pay exorbitant taxes enough to break your bank and bankrupt you. \nIn some game plays, the algorithm would go out of its way to support a player on the verge of bankruptcy by giving them money in each turn. The game should be fair and the algorithm should not interfere to preserve the essence of the original board game - waste of money! Because of the interference of the algorithm to the extent that the game becomes unfair, it deserves 0 stars, not 1.', 'title': 'Game play is painfully unfair - 0 stars!', 'userName': 'achmetj', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 12, 11, 12, 4)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I thought it’d be fun to play like once, but I play it all the time! Games usually take about an hour (give or take) with the standard rules. Monopoly gets kinda monotonous in real life, counting all the money, giving change for every transaction, etc but on here all the banking is done instantly so the game never loses momentum. It’s surprisingly fun, and there’s no question of the rules. I used to get confused about some aspects (like the auctions) but the game makes it really easy. I like it a lot :)', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15214446, 'body': "Thank you very much for your review! We're glad to know Monopoly fulfilled your expectations, as we desire only the best gaming experience for our players. Please don't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com if you have any suggestions or comments for us. Thanks!", 'modified': '2020-05-09T23:54:31Z'}, 'title': 'I’m surprised how much I love it!', 'userName': 'Mst883', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 15, 54, 13)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "Multiplayer is honestly not as good as I had thought it would have been. Every game I get into, other players just waste my time. When it is their turn, they just sit there and wait and waste time. Frustrating when I'm in the lead and dominating. Also, why isn't there an option to play with friends online; a party mechanism of some sort into a lobby? \n\nUpdate: Was playing with my brother in an online lobby. After about 15 minutes of gameplay, we noticed things were different between both of our games. Everything was in sync until about 15 into the game. He landed on yellow on his device & in my device, he landed on purple. Makes no sense. Makes me want a refund.", 'title': 'Eh', 'userName': 'User10384728', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 3, 15, 41)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "I'm not sure why but all of the computer characters get the perfect rolls every single time. I owned 3 sides of the board during one game with houses and hotels and all 3 other characters missed every single one of my properties for 5 rounds in a row. Meanwhile I landed on their properties every single time?? I understand everything is probability but the chances of that are sooo small. All three characters did not land on one of the properties on 3 SIDES for 5 full rounds?? Meanwhile I was landing on their one set that has houses every single time. I went bankrupt even though I owned everything it was the strangest thing. For a round or two I would understand but 5 full rounds with 3 other players seems really fishy. 0/10 would recommend.", 'title': 'The game is rigged', 'userName': 'Rayes Family', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 20, 7, 38, 2)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'You have enlarged the visuals in the last update. Now some of the visuals covers some parts of the board. This causes some troubles while playing the game. It is hard now to consider a trade offer as players can’t have a proper view of the board. It is also hard sometimes to build or mortgage because the side visuals covers the part to be built or mortgaged. \n\nI really propose that you get the visuals back as they were before, or find a better alternatives for them.\n\nThanks,', 'title': 'Problems with the visuals update!', 'userName': 'SSR983', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 5, 32, 14)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for a couple weeks now. I’ve noticed when playing multiplayer, people leave the game, they replace the player with a robot. The robots always seem to get the good plays. They’re annoying and send you terrible trades and you send them a reasonable trade and they counter you back with something unreasonable. I’ve also noticed a lot of the time players will land on the same tile over and over again. For example the luxury tax. But never land on boardwalk\nOr anything around it. I just personally feel this game is rigged in a lot of different ways. The robot always seems to win and always get the better end of the stick.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14852852, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-04-23T04:57:25Z'}, 'title': 'Probably rigged', 'userName': 'Rsirishsmurf', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 1, 38, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I grew up loving monopoly the board game. It was and is currently my favorite board game of all time. When I found out they came out with it on the App Store, I got really excited. So I went to download it I was like WHAT!?! I have to pay 4.99 or something like that. I have bad memory. For monopoly! Uno is free and all other board games on the App Store. Why is this 5 DOLLARS? But, I downloaded it any way. It was cool the first couple rounds it was really realistic and had good graphics. But, the “Person” which is a stinking AI. Always passed my hotels. Also, the dice roll is “random” but I would always get horrible rolls. And the “person” would get the best rolls possible. Overall, bad game do not get unless you want to lose 5$ on trash.', 'title': 'Horrible don’t get, Creators read my review', 'userName': 'Funboy14373', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 19, 24, 58)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have one and exactly one issue with this rendition of monopoly. Quite frequently, when I am winning by any margin and a player is bankrupted, they will mortgage everything and give all their money to second or third place out of spite. I think, if a player cannot raise enough money to pay rent, they should not be able to trade with anyone. This wouldn’t solve every instance of this issue but frankly I’ve had it happen to me 3 of the last 5 games I’ve played and it ruins any semblance of fun for me even if I’m still able to maintain my lead.', 'title': 'Spiteful Players', 'userName': 'ZayTooSmooth', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 23, 8, 49, 49)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Online breaks and freezes game towards the end of the game in just about every match online there a few other bugs in the online matches but I did contact support and they responded the same day saying that they’re currently working on a fix to the glitches so the game should be fixed eventually and it’s good to know that support responds to concerns will update my review when the game does get fixed and give a better review don’t let the other reviews discourage your decision to buy this game it’s a legit monopoly game that works just fine offline and hopefully online as well hopefully soon', 'title': 'Online broken', 'userName': 'CampMajdanek', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 9, 34, 20)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "Maybe I’m salty, but it seems like every game I play with A.I. the game is biased towards the A.I. I literally got sent to jail 3 times in a roll. The game really didn’t want me to pass go. The A.I. always landed on the not bought properties and when I passed go I always landed on the railroads the A.I owned so basically I never got $200. My chance cards were always “go to jail” or a tax of some kind, while the A.I seemed to always get the “rewarding” cards. The whole game feels rigged and stacked against your odds. I bought this game to have a fun time not be yelling at my screen because I went to jail for the 7th time. I knew I shouldn't have gotten this digital version of monopoly. As rigging is 100% possible and probable.", 'title': 'Rigged', 'userName': 'Temprun6789998212', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 7, 39, 13)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s 2020. People are busy. I understand in multiplayer with other random people you have to be in the app the whole time to play. But for online multiplayer  with friends there needs to be a turn based notification system. I want to play with my friends while we are at work. We get busy. If I can’t play my turn, I don’t want the AI to play my turn for me. Send me a notification that it’s my turn. When I see the notification I will pick up where I left off. This makes way more sense for playing online with friends. Please add this functionality.', 'title': 'Add Turned Based notifications for Online Multiplayer', 'userName': 'Rubijordy101', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 1, 10, 42)}, {'isEdited': True, 'review': 'I play single player mode with 3 AI on hard. Right off the back I’ve won every time with the same exact strategy. \nBuy one of every color(don’t even need to land on them I buy it off them from the start for a little more than they paid around +65%) \n\n+railroads I buy for about 250 off them. Or +25%\n\nThen make a monopoly in order Brown, babyBlue,Pink. Use up all houses.\nAI need to be tweak they only recognize a good deal on paper and ignore parts of the game that make them lose. \nE.g.  one AI had a dark blue monopoly. I simply mortgaged a lot of extra properties and sold them to the. AI for all their money(90 dollars mostly)and kept doing that over and over again. The taxes on the mortgage property made them sell houses that I just bought up on the same turn. \n\nOr another turn I counter offered a yellow for their yellow when they offered money and did it twice same turn off their counter offers. They don’t recognize just losing money or how to win. They only interact.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494475, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:33:02Z'}, 'title': 'AI needs to be harder.', 'userName': 'Bakeryyy$@@(;/', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 12, 31, 41)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The “probability” in this game is OUTRAGEOUS!!! The GAME chooses who it wants to win. Some players land on fresh unclaimed properties every turn while getting cash bearing chances and community chests. While others literally land on already claimed spaces EVERY TURN. Something is right when it’s been 10 rounds and 3 players have 3 properties eachand 1 player has NONE. Also, ironic how “go to boardwalk” appears EVERY TIME a player puts 2 or more houses on that space (even when go to boardwalk has already been played). I don’t feel like I’m playing the game I loved as a kid. I feel like I’m just going through the motions of a game that has been already decided by the developers. No bueno, do better. Oh yea, FIX THE FREEZING. Even after the “update” it is happening WAY TOO OFEN!', 'title': 'Algorithm is TRASH', 'userName': 'AnnoyedPlayerDoBetter', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 6, 49, 34)}, {'title': 'Add', 'userName': 'D3m0n5y', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is good but I don’t like that they automatically roll for you to see who goes first I think we should do it also you should have a monopoly wild option like uno where anything goes for example $500 automatically goes into free parking at the beginning of the game n whoever lands on free parking gets it plus all other taxes n fees that was put in free parking and after resets at $500 again n also change who much money you start off with at least up to $3000 the minimum would be $1500', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 2, 40, 26)}, {'title': 'Ai is pretty unfair', 'userName': 'Mean scene', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is designed really well as far as game flow. It’s exactly what you’d expect when you play monopoly on mobile. \n\nThe issue is that the dice rolls are clearly not random and favor the ai. In each game I’ve played so far (single player anyway) there has been one ai player that buys little to no property yet still has a huge amount of money well into the game. This is because it conveniently lands on all the community chests, chance spots, free parking, etc EVERY TURN. If, on the rare occasion, it DOES land on a property, it’s either their own, a mortgaged property, or one that only charges a small amount for rent. Then, almost like clockwork, the next roll they’ll land on a chance spot that has them win $200 or something similar. \nMeanwhile, I’ll have the clear lead, and will land on every single hotel, income tax, or high rent property on the board. It’s so bad that I don’t really want to play much more since it’s clearly not fair odds. \n\nFix it and I’ll be happy to change my review.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 8, 1, 31, 16)}, {'title': 'Excellent game but wish there was an option to include more players than four', 'userName': 'jeff😝😝😝', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Hi I think this game is great and all however I feel as if though the game should be able to support up to six players at a time in online, single mode or the mode where you play with friends in order to truly mimic and replicate the experience irl when playing with friends and family. I just think it would make the monopoly game (app version of course) more challenging, fun and overall enjoyable. Please consider making this change in a future update', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 19, 0, 8)}, {'title': 'Fun, but you are guaranteed to land on a hotel', 'userName': 'Miss_Stunshine', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "It's not a coin flip, you will land on the property with the hotel. The reason there's a hotel there is because some people have the best luck, never land on a taxes spot, never land on opposing property, just rolling in the dough. The rest of us, will land on the taxes properties every round - you can predict you'll land there and that's exactly where you'll be when you roll. It's not even fun to predict it anymore, it's just how the game works. I landed on a hotel twice in one round, and the owner of the hotels never once landed on any of my properties. Community chest and Chance was the only thing they landed on, I swear. And it's like this every round, the game selects one successful player and they have nothing but perfect luck the whole time.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 20, 21, 26, 6)}, {'title': 'Annoyed with this purchase', 'userName': 'Katie Skinner', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I bought this game - super excited about it. Played a few times and let’s just say I CANNOT get through one game with out it glitching/freezing. Today, I played two games. Got through half the game and it froze so I shut the app and reopened it. The game went back to normal only this time I wasn’t able to see my icon or the other players icon. Couldn’t see how much money any of us had in our banks. So I restarted the game. Half way through this one the game shut off. I wish I was able to get my money back. I have an iPhone and I use WiFi while playing the game. Please actively fix these glitches so I can be a happy customer. \nThank you.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 16, 47, 23)}, {'title': 'THIS IS TYE BEST', 'userName': 'whyisthw', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'When I first got the game I could not stop playing its one of the best games if you do not want to be amazed then I do not know what then they should make the rules more custom cause the way I play is a bit different like I wait for me to past then buy \nas well as park place I want it so when you get a property you have to land on it to get a house/hotel and you do not need a color set and besides that it’s REALY good(when you land o park place you get 500 even with out people having to pay tax/fees)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 18, 1, 27, 5), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19227331, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our MONOPOLY App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T21:20:06Z'}}, {'title': 'Frustrating.', 'userName': 'wolfstar160', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love Monopoly! It’s my favorite board game! But this app is so frustrating to deal with. There needs to be a way to poke players when you’re doing online play. There’s a so called timer that goes down and sets a time limit on player turns, but it works horribly. I’ve had to deal with so many games I was forced to leave because the game suddenly is at a complete standstill. No timer going down, no player activity, nothing. It’s extremely frustrating, especially when you’re pretty far into a game. There also should be an in-game chat. There needs to be a way to kick players from the game when they aren’t being active anymore. Please fix this!! I payed for vip package and it feels like it was a waste of money!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 4, 21, 36, 9)}, {'title': 'Disconnected from game', 'userName': 'NikkRW', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I was really enjoying this game; the graphics are great and it runs smooth. I was excited to be able to play with friends since this game is a favorite at get-togethers. However, as soon as I pull down the menu on my phone for notifications or just minimize the game for a second, I am disconnected from my current game and can’t rejoin! The whole point of playing online with friends is so that you don’t have to be right next to each other or have your phones out at the exact same time to play. I should be able to play my turn then minimize the game and wait for a notification that it is my turn again. Please fix this!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 23, 3, 20, 23)}, {'title': 'Needs work', 'userName': 'stearlingscott', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is very buggy still, here are some examples:\n•Games 1, 3 players left I own more than half of the property after bankrupting someone with multiple houses and hotels. Game glitches out and remaining 2 players continue to play while it skips me after sitting on go\n•Game 2, 2 players left I own almost all the property with multiple hotels and houses I go to roll dice to get out of jail and nothing happens just stuck sitting there\nI also believe this game is missing a number of features that could be useful:\n•In game prewritten quick chats\n•stat tracker (wins, losses, houses built, players bankrupt etc)\nThere’s a count down time but does nothing when a player takes to long, maybe a vote to kick or extend time option after several minutes with all remaining property auctioned off or automatically taking the best option for player \nMaybe introduce a level system with achievements and special tokens that can be unlocked via level and not just by paying', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 0, 0, 3)}, {'title': 'Fix the freezing', 'userName': 'JSummerH', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’m happy I’m able to play monopoly on my phone especially the online multiplayer. But for this to be a paid app it’s ridiculous how much the game freezes and you have to leave in the middle of a game because it’s stuck. I’d say it happens on average about one out of every four games. \n\nI have one more issue but it is less frequent. When there is an auction for a property sometimes no one is able to bid because the bid button never registers anyone’s response. So the property ends up selling at the starting price of only 20 or 25. \n\nIf the freezing gets fixed I’d update my review because when everything is working properly the game is fun to play.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 6, 30, 33)}, {'title': 'Not ready yet', 'userName': 'Jaymanlb', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Looks good, but annoying to play... too slow... too many additional animations, badges, and other slow movements to move around the board, between turns, etc. One thing that is missing from this version that I loved in the old EA version, was the speed forward button that you could push to move faster, that is necessary.  Also the game freezes a lot... almost every time you land on Go, it freezes... the only way to continue is to hard close the app, restart it, and then play the game, it’s very annoying.\n\nI will keep an open mind... for future updates and bug fixes, but when you charge $$ for an app, I expect better.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 4, 14, 20)}, {'title': 'Online Multiplayer Issue', 'userName': 'Romans10:9', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Amazing presentation, and I’m sure would be a great single player game against the computer.... But no one is buying this to play the computer. People buy this to play online multiplayer, and unfortunately - it is super buggy. I’ve spent about 5 hours playing this and have never once finished a game. Either a push notification pops up, which kicks you out of the game - or I’ve waited for 30 minutes for an opponent to finish their turn and there’s no way for them to time out or skip their turn due to inactivity. Plus, no chat is a huge missed opportunity. PLEASE update this to fix the issues and I’ll change to a 5-Star because otherwise - it’s such a great version of Monopoly.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 5, 19, 19)}, {'title': 'Fun game, bad online servers', 'userName': 'Hvkjhvjlhvljhv', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The gameplay is great but there’s a couple of improvements needed for online:\n\n-servers are probably overloaded way too often and the game just pauses and doesn’t resume. After playing a game for 30 min and that happens it’s super frustrating \n-there should be a time limit on trades, sometimes you have people going back and forth making ridiculous trades, they should be limited to making a deal in 30 seconds or you move on. \n- instead of clicking ready end of each roll, the turn should auto move after 5 seconds if no activity is selected', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 18, 0, 21, 50)}, {'title': 'Avid Player', 'userName': 'Callme Padawan', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I play monopoly at a higher rate than most and thoroughly enjoy all forms of it. I play online and in person weekly. That being said, the graphics of the game are wonderful and certainly lively. Thats about the extent of my pleasure with this particular iteration. \n- the game play takes forever due to the amount of animation, with no ability to change game play speed\n- when it’s not your turn you can’t do anything (I.e., plan your next moves by looking at yours or others properties) \n- in multiplayer mode it skips your turn if you even do much as pull down the notification tab which could be a costly error \n-a time on a players roll would be helpful (:30)\n\nFixing these issues would make the game more enjoyable and enable players to have more control like in a real game.  \n\nOther suggestions: \n- offer the ‘Mega monopoly’ version as an added option, I’ve found that game to be much more enjoyable and challenging; no one else is doing this\n-', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 14, 13, 43)}, {'title': 'Bugs', 'userName': 'Mak Colvin', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I PAID and downloaded Monopoly because it’s one of my favorite games. Sadly, it doesn’t work a lot of times. I like to play the Online Multiplayer mode, and almost every time I do so it bugs out so I have to restart the whole app. Sometimes I have to restart it two or three times in a row. I’m sure their Online Multiplayer is still in the works and they’re trying to fix things that need it, but it does kinda get annoying. If the game were cheaper and having this problem, maybe I would’ve left a better review. Other than that, I love this game and I love that I can play it on my phone now', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 27, 6, 0, 39)}, {'title': 'Fun game, but needs improvement', 'userName': 'TRuFitz', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Fun game when playing the single player mode; however, the online multiplayer mode is HORRIBLE. It appears players have until eternity to play with absolutely no time limits. There should be a 30-60 second time limit per player per turn. If they don’t play, a robot should take over. Players can’t be expected to wait minutes / hours for someone. There should also be a chat feature or preset comments for the online multiplayer mode. Lastly, being assigned a different color each game is extremely confusing. Again, good game but could be much better.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 5, 55, 34)}, {'title': 'My Favorite Game, Stop changing it…Please!', 'userName': 'Harrisarts', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love this game.  I think it’s the best version of Monopoly because I can play it anytime, alone or with friends and others.  But please stop changing things for no reasons.  \n\nExample of just one change that doesn’t make any sense, moving the end turn button from the bottom right to the bottom left of the screen.  Why?  Now I have to move my hand across the screen to tap a button all the time.  I tend to hold my iPad with my left hand and tap the buttons with my right hand.  So after playing this game for several years this new change is very frustrating. \n\nThere’s still room on the right side of the screen.  If anything make it a menu option to have the button on one side or the other.\n\nI agree that you need to make updates to fix errors or create new features but moving a button for no reason is crazy.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 0, 31, 24)}, {'title': 'Was fun, but now magically I lose a ton', 'userName': 'SSG Crawford', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I hate to accuse a game of being rigged, but multiple games of acquiring multiple monopolies with hotels and the other players “magically” miss your hotels every time around the board especially when you own the whole side is more than coincidental. Also hitting another players hotel that almost bankrupts you and the next turn you roll a 2 or 3 and hit another hotel in the same monopoly is a load of bull, when it happens multiple games. Like others have said, I’ve seen the chance/community chest cards being the same multiple times in a row needs fixed too. Sorry but I can’t keep playing when this stuff continuously keeps happening.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 25, 1, 24, 1)}, {'title': 'Rigged... Not in Your Favor', 'userName': 'Silverman818', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is awful.  I would have given it 0 stars if I could have.  If you have property, AI will never land on it.  Especially true if you have built on it.  But you will always, always land on their property, income tax, etc.  I owned two sides of the board, and the AI conveniently landed on all non-properties like Chance, Community Chest, Free Parking, etc. every single time.  The only time AI lands on your property is if you have mortgaged it!  It is bad enough that you can predict with nearly 100% certainty what the AI will roll.  I have never gone first.  And most of the time, my initial rolls take me to non-properties (Chance, Jail, etc.).  Meanwhile, AI gets doubles and scoots around the board buying up properties like crazy.  It’s just not fun.  Waste of money.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 8, 16, 12, 6)}, {'title': 'Rigged', 'userName': 'Viceria837', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have yet to have a game where I don’t go to jail literally EVERY turn. If you play against the AI, it does nothing but roll high, usually skipping anything you own or landing on property that it’s already collected the other pieces to. And if the AI actually goes to jail, it automatically rolls doubles. For a game of chance, it seems pretty “lucky” to me. Haven’t attempted to play with others, but frankly, I don’t think it’s worth it. Definitely not worth 5$. I would only recommend it if you’re a masochist or don’t get enough disappointment in life, so you want more here.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 11, 5, 19, 57)}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 23, 0, 36), 'userName': 'MasonThomas35', 'review': 'I love this game but I think it needs some more classic game features. Income taxes should have a %10 spot. Chat is very limited should be expanded or free chat with a report button. Players should know when a player leaves because I knew when I was playing the computer. My game froze for about 5 minutes then picked up where it left off. If moves are timed then my game was computer based. All in all it’s a great game could have better visual graphics but “it is what it is”.', 'title': 'Awesome game but...', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 21, 15, 46, 34), 'userName': 'Ianfaherty', 'review': "Overall I'm happy with the app, but I feel that paying $4 for a game you should have access to all the maps and settings, this only comes with the basic game and all other designs are paid for. The CONSTANT request to leave a review is also annoying. \nOverall do I like the game, yes. Could it be a lot better after paying for an app, definitely yes. \n\nI also only gave this 5 stars so some people might see it in the featured reviews.", 'title': 'Fine but...', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 2, 11, 41), 'userName': 'G-Scrap', 'review': 'I paid 4$ and I expected monopoly and I guess that’s what I got. I wish I could be notified someone leaves game and be able to see who playing. Also I wish I could play REAL CLASSIC MONOPOLY where you have the choice to not purchase a property when landed on it. I never heard of auction in the rulebooks before this game released and when I hear it classic monopoly I expect it to be down to the very rules especially for 5$. Overall though love the game. Sorry if I don’t sound too optimistic about the game. It’s a great though overall. Just some issues I have.', 'title': 'It’s monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 5, 26, 44), 'userName': 'Honest review!!!!!', 'review': 'I enjoying playing the game but if it’s someone turn and I leave to reply to a quick text. Then it’s my turn the game will glitch and I can’t roll the dice. It ruins/freezes the lobby for everyone bc I can’t go. That needs to be fixed as well a in game chat for private lobbies at least. Maybe add it to online with censorship. Something! Bc Im tired of leaving the game to text my friends who are playing with me and the game glitches on us. It would also glitch when I try to add everyone on a call then it’s my turn and we have start over. Please fix this issue and add in game chat!!', 'title': 'Addicting but buggy', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 12, 7, 47), 'userName': 'Sal from AFG', 'review': 'I never write reviews but I bought this to play with friends during quarantine. Made 4 people purchase and we all had trouble getting in the same room. Eventually it worked after getting out and starting different rooms until one worked. Then we kept getting disconnected and reconnected until right at the end when 2 people couldn’t get back on. Ruined the entire game and wasted 4 people 1 1/2 hour of work. \n\nRead the other reviews everyone has similar multiplayer problems. \n\nOther huge issue - why is there no chat - either voice or typing so you can talk to your friends and help make negotiations and even just to make it more fun as a friendly board game.', 'title': 'MULTIPLAYER HORRIBLE DO NOT BUY - trust me!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 17, 54, 13), 'userName': 'Pucallpa', 'review': 'Don’t buy this if you plan to play your friends over the course of a few days or hours. If you switch away from the online multiplayer game, you get “disconnected” and you can’t return to the game. On top of that, it crashed the game for all the other players. \nYou have to keep the app window open. You May be able to keep it going on a large tablet or computer monitor while you do other things but if you use your cell phone, you are out of luck. As soon as you try to text, answer a call or look at something else, it’s GAME CRASH for everyone. \n\nWorks great if you are playing the computer and you have the time to dedicate to the game from start to finish.', 'title': 'Switch Screens & Multiplayer Game Crashes', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 21, 31, 49), 'userName': 'Zadi.', 'review': 'When players don’t take forever to play the game plays amazingly! But there are a few flaws. First, we should be able to know when a player leaves instead of having a us wait for 10 minutes for them to make a move. Also, maybe kick the player out after a couple minutes of idling? Second, a good thing to add could be like a “poke” button that reminds players to end their turn. Maybe a chat also? But if that’s problematic then also preset emoji icons would also make the game more interactive! In conclusion, I love the app but it could be better.', 'title': 'Good game but could be better!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 19, 20, 10), 'userName': 'Mike Hall 1199662', 'review': 'I find it very frustrating to pay for this game and have it freeze every time. I can’t tell if it is from people quitting or poor connection, either way this takes away from the positive aspects of the game. There also needs to be a way to keep track of the wins you accumulate for the game!!! Lastly no matter how many times you reply to a review saying rolling the dice is random, it simply is not. It happens way too often that plays will somehow conveniently skip a whole row of hotels on multiple turn??? Please fix this ASAP I would love to write a new review stating how you listen to your customers and made the necessary updates!', 'title': 'Freezes on every game!!!!!!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 2, 54, 43), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12321480, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are all very good suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.\r\n", 'modified': '2019-12-10T15:46:22Z'}, 'userName': 'rmm1997', 'review': 'This app is well-designed and offline play is very seamless and fun. It is a nice fresh take on Monopoly that integrates modern graphics and app design to a classic game.\n\nHowever, online play – an integral part of the selling point of this app – is not well-thought-out. It is often prone to intermittent lag, and most players quit before the game is over if they are losing and/or something does not go their way.\n\nTo add insult to injury, the game does not let you know if a player has quit – you have to sit in a frozen game wondering if it is perhaps a connection error, until enough time passes that you realize someone has quit the game.\n\nTwo things I would recommend for online play are:\n1. Notifying other players that one player has quit the game, and\n2. Perhaps implementing a temporary ban to users who quit games too often.\n\nI give this game an overall 2.5/5 in its current state – a nice offline experience with a rather poor online experience.', 'title': 'Great offline, aggravating online', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 4, 36, 55), 'userName': '__0071__', 'review': 'The game could be fun. I have only played AI. The first few games on Easy just to give it a try. As soon as I bumped the difficulty to Medium, winning became impossible. When I say I got ZERO luck, that’s not being a sore loser. AI gets all of the beneficial Chance and Community Chest cards, while I get sent to jail. I approach or pass Go and I land on one of the two Tax spaces. I routinely land on the AI’s properties but it will avoid mine. I know Monopoly is a game of both luck and some strategy/skill, but this leans heavily on the luck side. Also, playing the AI results in an incessant number of trade offers - if I reject a trade on one turn, the likelihood that I will accept the same offer on anyone of the next TEN turns is minimal!', 'title': 'Frustrating!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 17, 44, 31), 'userName': 'Gamer_102', 'review': 'Was forced to purchase game when older monopoly stopped working with last iOS upgrade. It’s a solid game but here are some recommended enhancements:\n- difficulty to view on iPhone unless you have glasses. Fonts and images very small\n- if my proposed trade is rejected by opponent, leave it up if I want to counter an improved trade from my original, I don’t have to start over again. \n- don’t like slide bar for money proposed in trade. Just let me enter the amount so I don’t need super precision in sliding bar. \n- when buying/selling homes, it commits immediately. No chance to review. \n- when buying homes, it has to be one at a time. Previous version, you could buy three at a time. \n- when a property is auctioned, you can’t view who may have a desired need to purchase. You must memorize the board\n- match my desired color with desired token. I’m always purple but prefer blue\n\nOverall solid game and could bump to 4-5 stars with improvements.', 'title': 'Updates Needed', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 16, 32, 53), 'userName': 'Whitem781', 'review': 'Don’t get me wrong it’s fun. But the game leans in blatant favor to the computer. For example, I had almost every monopoly in the game except for Boardwalk and Park Place. As the computer went around the board over 8 times, it landed on my properties twice. All the while missing my properties and landing safely on its own railroad or something similar. On the other hand, in going around the board 8 times, I landed on either Boardwalk or Park Place 6 times! The likelihood that I would land on the 2 properties with the smallest odds while computer landed on 1 of a dozen properties only twice just doesn’t make sense. This game is fun but there needs to be a shift where the computer isn’t immediately favored if it has any sort of monopoly.', 'title': 'This Game is Rigged', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 23, 21, 30, 20), 'userName': 'Liz959522', 'review': 'I’m very disappointed with my purchase. I got it because I saw that the game allows you to play with common house rules—turns out you cannot do so when playing online. Gameplay is slow due to animations and the zoom is quite disorienting the first few games you play. The AI seems fine, though I question the number of doubles that come up. Pass and play works fine, but it is also slow. They have other boards, but the price is twice what the original game costs for EACH board.  Caveat Emptor, lesson learned and I’m out 4 bucks. \n\nIf you really, really like Monopoly, then you’ll probably love this. Otherwise, skip this one.', 'title': 'Only For Diehard Fans', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 9, 42, 47), 'userName': 'Razzo090', 'review': 'Great overall. \n\nCon- someone can ruin a game by just not doing anything.. like forever. There is no time limit per turn. Several games someone is losing and they don’t quit, instead they just go ghost when it’s their turn which forces everyone else to quit or stare at a screen with nothing happening. Crazy frustrating oversight.\n\nI hope they add a ranking system of some sort and open it to 6 players instead of just 4.', 'title': 'Top notch except for no time limit for turns', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 20, 16, 21), 'userName': 'Aelita hopper', 'review': 'I’ve played this game since April and I love it it’s fun and addictive but one thing I don’t really like is that you can only view the board from an Ariel view over top thand board please add the option to select and side view if the board as you play so players can actually see the city in the middle of the board and give the game more like and kind of a 3D view by allowing players to change the view of the board to there liking', 'title': 'Ad me the option to select a side view of the board', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 0, 26, 35), 'userName': 'gebbie1990', 'review': 'I have been waiting for Monopoly to come out as an app. No one ever wants to play the board game with me because “it takes too long” 😢😠. But now I can play whenever I want!! The game is well designed and just like the real thing. There are a lot of in app purchases (like different game pieces, worlds, etc.) that I would think would be free considering the price of the app but you an play the game just fine without buying anything extra. AndI haven’t encountered any bugs or glitches yet!', 'title': 'Finally!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 6, 16, 48, 17), 'userName': 'King Josh Da Boss', 'review': 'I paid $8.99 for the bundle. I was not interested in the other games. Just monopoly. It is a great experience playing BUT the bugs are ridiculous. First of all, I have NEVER been able to complete a game because at some point especially when you get to the 2 hour mark, something happens. And reconnection is not possible. It’s frustrating to say the least. I think that an update with bug fixes should be rolled out by Marmalade SOON imho. Otherwise many persons will simply skip over the game and do something else with their free time. Fix it please! Fix it!', 'title': 'Great try but needs to be better', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 0, 5, 51), 'userName': 'rocketshills', 'review': 'The game is great. Many reviews on here have already stated that there should be a chat option, stat counter, etc.. I think the game flows just fine without these, but I suppose the addition would be nice. \n\nThe ONLY thing I really have a problem with is that I’ve only been able to actually finish a handful of games. I’ll play Monopoly to the end, every time, which obviously takes a while. Naturally, I’ll get notifications from things like emails and text messages as I play. If I pull on any of the accessibility screens (to check time, messages, battery life, brightness), whether it be accidentally or on purpose......I’m kicked. That’s it. That’s my only gripe.\n\nOh.....and the game freezes on occasions. But I’m sure that’s a bug that’s already being fixed. \n\nI know it was a long review.....I just hope this can be fixed so I can actually get through a game and taste that sweet, sweet victory.', 'title': 'Love it.....except....', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 15, 51, 3), 'userName': 'Caring Military Customer', 'review': 'Could there please be a chat in the playing with your friends and online mode so you could talk smack? Lol ALSO we all know on the board you can let a certain playing skip pass your colorway if you form an alliance based on a trade! Could this option be added as a custom option? Also what if you shook the phone to throw the dice or at least be able to drag the dice around the screen and then through! Just a few things I feel could be better with the game! Other than that really love it. Thanks', 'title': 'Good App But please consider these', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 10, 0, 8), 'userName': 'dancermama99', 'review': 'I love Monopoly, so I was suuuuper excited to see this available for download...However, it is the worlds slowest game ever & it freezes constantly. I’ll be like half way through a game & it just freezes and won’t let anyone do anything! It’s so frustrating. I also think it would be nice to connect to Facebook so that #1: you could see who you’re actually playing with and #2: so you could invite your Facebook friends to play! \n\nAs far as the game being slow, it really is. The graphics are amazing & the design is nice, but even just rolling the dice to seeing what number you go takes like 30 seconds! It would be so much more fun to play if it was just a little bit quicker!! \n\nI also wish you didn’t have to pay a whole other $5 to download a new map. I was hoping the original cost of the game would include more than just 1 map. That part is a little frustrating. \n\nI would love to see some updates come through to make this a more enjoyable game...because I truly do love Monopoly! :)', 'title': 'FIX THE BUGS!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'Dioxiz', 'review': 'Seeing one of my all time favorite board games, come to life in 3D, is one of the most joyful experiences. \n\nIf you enjoyed this game as a kid and now, I strongly recommend it. Why ? You may ask\n\nSimply because it gives you the ability to play online with others, and it bring the board to life! \n\nHowever, I do also strongly wish that after purchasing it, we get all 3 of the board lay outs for free, along with all the play pieces. \n\nI have always as a kid played the boot, and not seeing it here was kind of a disappointment, on top of that, I’d added it is something you have to purchase. \n\nOverall amazing experience, but at the very least, give us all the pieces to play with for free or all the board layouts. One or the other, would truthfully maximize this experience, and I personally don’t think this is too much to ask for.', 'title': 'Amazing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 18, 7, 47, 28), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Vrtommy', 'review': 'Okay I have the monopoly game on my Xbox. The living version. Super fun, you get to see the house you’re buying and you see the background moving. Its super fun. But the version on my phone is okay. It just feels like it’s being rushed a little. The music, sound effects, the pieces are like actually walking! It’s not a bad game and I’m not saying that. It’s just super simple and rushed. I’m only a little irritated because I had to pay to play and it’s not really worth it to me. But overall the game is fun, simple, easy and I guess just a quick game to play on your device. I hope this is helpful for people reading my review!🧀🍟🥑', 'title': 'Hmmmm..... 🤔🧀', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 17, 41, 52), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'shinebox555', 'review': 'Been playing a few days and this version is about 100x better than the ps4 version.  Fun game and most people online play quickly enough from my encounters.  Haven’t noticed many bugs, just once I landed on community chest and it didn’t pick up a card.  Another small issue the chance and community chest cards seem random and not in a stack, like you may see the same card a few times before running through them all.  Just wish it had a leaderboard or at least tracked your wins.', 'title': 'Solid & fun game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 14, 2, 30, 46), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'FariMoni', 'review': 'I’ve been playing for hours ever since I downloaded this game. It’s a lot of fun and I think the graphics are awesome. I play mostly against the computer, which is generally good. Sometimes it feels like when you’re winning you can’t stop winning, and when you’re losing, you can’t catch a break. On those losing streaks, no one lands on your property ever, you keep landing on everybody else’s property, income tax, property tax, and on and on. I guess that’s how it can be in real life. All in all, I recommend this game.', 'title': 'Fun and addicting, but can be frustrating.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 22, 23, 42, 38), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Givemeyourproperty_20', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15352397, 'body': "Thank you for sharing your suggestions with us. These are all great suggestions, and I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share about Monopoly. ", 'modified': '2020-05-16T00:48:13Z'}, 'review': 'I am really enjoying playing the game with friends and random people online. The UI is really nice and fast. Although there is one thing that I would want to change is that in the online multiplayer game, the default rule that the players can collect rent from jail should be taken out. It is not a fair rule and I am sure many would agree on this. Also, it would be great if there was an option to add one of your friend in online multiplayer game with other random people. They have similar option in Catan.', 'title': 'Enjoying but need features', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 15, 10, 51), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'BookOfOwls', 'review': 'Honestly short and sweet absolutely love the game and have enjoyed every moment of it and I own everything in the game the only complaint I’d have to mention about it is on the occasions when I play a single player game and say I go bankrupt and there’s 2 cpu left it doesn’t let me watch out the rest of the game to see who wins but besides that everything is amazing and easily a 4.5-5 star game I hope they at least add an option to watch out the rest of the game!', 'title': 'Monopoly!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 20, 20, 31, 14), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'UserAya2314', 'review': 'I just feel like this game is cheating me. I have the game in Easy.  I mustve played 10x and everytime the AI landed in community chest... instant go to Boardwalk.  This happened in all 10 games back to back.  The one time I actualg landed on it first it made me pay money.  And this is how the game went from here on out.  Many times I’m finding that even when I have an entire side of the board for myself. The AI seems to have the perfect number on the dice to miss out on landing on my property multiple times in a row.  This game is really cheating me.  Wish I never bought it.  The game manufacture needs to fix this so it’s more realistic.', 'title': 'Cheating', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 4, 55, 48), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'GermanWalrus', 'review': 'I’m so glad there is finally an update Monopoly app, I played the original for years. However the online side needs a lot of help. It’s great being able to play with friends, but the game disconnects so easily on iPhone. Lowering your brightness could cost you an entire game. Low battery alerts even disconnect you. On my 6th gen iPad, it is a lot sturdier but can still disconnect easily. It would also be awesome if there was a chat feature since, well, it’s not like you can open a text without disconnecting. \n\nTl;dr: finally an updated Monopoly but seriously problematic online interface', 'title': 'Great Game, Terrible Online', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 1, 28, 24), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'warrenw96', 'review': 'Enjoy having a full Monopoly game on the phone now. I can now play with people online instead of boring my friends with my enthusiasm In monopoly. Didn’t give a full 5 becomes sometimes the game lags and won’t let me make a move online, and also it only let me change my name and won’t let me purchase the full pack due to “no internet” when I clearly have perfect internet connection. \nI would like to see an option to make custom filters for random online games also, instead of just the Friend online section. \nWith over 12k downloads, it would also be nice to have a ranking and stat line basis. Of course there’s things to work out before it gets to that point, but hopefully soon!\nI can still join games and have gotten through multiple games with no problem. \n\nAlso, go add the Facebook group “monopoly mobile app” to share user names and discussions!!!', 'title': 'Great game overall', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 19, 1), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'P.carlos.S', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12359945, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback and are very happy to tell you that leader-boards and statistics are already being discussed, along with ways to speed up game-play without compromising the classic Monopoly experience. Regarding the freezes mentioned, the team is working hard towards fixing all of the issues reported by our players and will be releasing an update very soon that should improve stability and performance. \rPlease don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.\r", 'modified': '2019-12-12T11:59:02Z'}, 'review': 'Monopoly on Apple Products have taken a step back from what it used to be. This updated version got rid of more House Rule options (starting with more or less money, $400 Pass Go, etc.), stats of your gameplay, and a fast forward feature that was great to have to speed up the drawn out animations. \n\nThe game has also been freezing periodically after certain turns, but this has been documented pretty heavily by other players. The freeze happens again after restarting the app leading to a complete loss of that game. \n\nThis updated version feels more like a reach for increased in-app money makers than providing a good product for the customers.', 'title': 'Regression', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 4, 21, 59), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Saykooh', 'review': 'Great game... but the Community Chest & Chance cards make no sense. You can get the same cards over and over again without ever drawing enough cards to get through the deck. #FAIL. Also you can’t choose how to raise money when you owe more than your cash on hand. #FAIL. And lastly, you can’t build property whenever you want. You have to wait until your turn. That’s not a part of the original rules but it is my smallest gripe.\n\nAll in all, it is still really fun and the closest you can get to the real thing.', 'title': 'Missing a few things...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 3, 15, 20), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'tacoboutamazing', 'review': 'The game looks great. The customizable features are great. It’s definitely Monopoly.\n\nThe AI players make the most ridiculous trades. If you don’t like one trade, don’t worry, they’ll trade amongst themselves until you have to accept what they are offering if you want to compete.  These are not trades that any sane player would make. Plus they repeatedly make the same trade offer even though you decline it.\n\nWhile it may be luck of the dice, these dice are loaded. The number of statistically improbable events that occur in every single game reeks of poor programming. I’m all for a fair game, but the results are predictable for almost every roll of the dice. That takes any fun out of the game. And the developer sees literally hundreds of reviews saying this, but continue to insist that it is random! Perhaps whoever responds to the reviews should have a chat with whoever programmed the dice. When that many people have issues, it’s an obvious flaw. Fix it.\n\nI really wanted to like this, especially since I paid for it, but it’s simply not enjoyable. Give me my money back.', 'title': 'So much wasted potential', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 29, 16, 45, 22), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'ryosco', 'review': 'This game is pretty fun, but does get boring after you win one or two rounds. Now you might say that’s just normal Monopoly, which you’re right. However, because this is a digital version of the game, there can be changes made.\nI paid about $5.00 for this game, yet there are still in game purchases for special boards and tokens, I thought I was paying for the full game. \nIt think there should be sort of a competitive league for this digital version of Monopoly, where you get Monopoly Money for winning a game, or bankrupting other players. You would use Monopoly Money for unlocking more tokens and boards instead of getting bored after a while, and having to pay for special boards in a paid game.\nI think this would make the game much more fun for players, so that players wouldn’t leave games so much, which makes it so you don’t have to play against bots on multiplayer when someone leaves. \n\nThank you.', 'title': 'In Game Purchases for a Paid Game?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 23, 50, 2), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'SickLogicFTW', 'review': 'This is a fantastic recreation of the classic Monopoly game I grew up loving!\n\nHowever, there are a couple things that would improve it greatly:\n\n1. Computer players (even on the hardest difficulty) trade away properties that grant another player a monopoly way too easily. For example, to trade for a property that gives me a monopoly from a computer player, it usually doesn’t even take more than double the purchase price of said property. It should cost far more!\n\n2. I believe there is a glitch with the amount of money granted when landing on Free Parking (With this custom option enabled). The last game I played, I landed on Free Parking and I received over $14,000. I know for a fact there was nowhere near that much paid in taxes and fees. This was not the only time I’ve seen it be much higher than it should be.\n\nOther than the two above issues I have with the game, it’s fantastic!', 'title': 'Great Monopoly Game, not perfect', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 3, 52, 30), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'rrchelsey', 'review': 'Wonderful Game. My only complaint is no communication or player interaction, especially when games can last an hour or two. Also, why aren’t there player profiles or player stats. There’s no record of overall wins, losses, etc. I’d like to see winner incentives, too.\n\nAnother glitch I’m running across is the buttons to buy/sell houses and hotels as well as the trade and mortgage buttons block the player from selecting properties on the left side of the board. A feature to zoom in and out on the game board/ move left to right would probably by pass the issue.', 'title': 'Needs Some Extras', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 16, 13, 6), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Amouna777💕💋', 'review': 'Love the game! I look forward to more to come I hope. I would have given 5 stars if I could customize online play more than 2 options. I hate missing out on 2x the pay when landing on go and also free parking. I also think there should be messages to send to people while playing and if someone isn’t playing long enough maybe make it move on. I see the game can get stuck if a player leaves his turn in trading. I purchased this game on my phone and laptop so I hope to see more good things to come ☺️', 'title': 'Love Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 24, 3, 14, 53), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Lauder', 'review': 'I was disappointed. \nThey only have the option of a top down view. I don’t understand why the only street view is zooming past the graphics when you move your token.  I bought the game because I wanted to enjoy the city charms up close. I also expected the Tokens to make sounds  indicative of their physical characteristics, instead they jump around on the board. The deeds are hidden away. Also, how can I change the PASS GO from $200 to $400? Where are the options for FREE PARKING? I would like to start out with more money. \nI feel a bit cheated. If I could take EA’s version of MONOPOLY OPTIONS AND ADD GRAPHICS THAT I COULD ENJOY...\nIt would be perfect.', 'title': 'Game lacks many options', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 4, 54, 53), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'AirforceNick', 'review': 'The game is good. Sometimes better than in real life because you don’t have to count or move your token but what I get mad mostly is what are the odds that I hand on an AI property with 4 house??? Number 2 out of 12 and somehow I’m always landed on their property? Maybe it’s just my issue but you guys know how it feels when the odd if 2 or 12 you need and you rolled their number which lead to bankruptcy! Here and there I’ll play but wouldn’t recommend it a lot because I always have back luck when it comes to rolling.', 'title': 'Just luck?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 2, 9, 18), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'jeremiahvw', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12489796, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T13:37:31Z'}, 'review': 'Even with the latest update, the game still freezes up and has multiple bugs in it. So upsetting when you play for an hour and things are getting down to the wire and then it freezes and won’t let you play. Even had it where someone landed on a hotel of mine and said he owed me the money, froze for 5 mins! Then finally came back and I never received it!! Most of the time you never even reconnect to the game! There needs to be a “refresh” game option or a more stable server. Out of the past 10 games I’ve maybe finished 2. I’m only giving this 2 stars because if they can one day fix it, it will be an enjoyable game.', 'title': 'Buggy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 6, 46, 28), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'ray809631', 'review': 'I understand sometimes there isn’t enough people to fill up a table and you might throw a few boys in there to make it interesting, but I’m so annoyed by the bots offering the same deal, over and over again it’s sickening.  I’d rather wait out a few more seconds or even a minute to play against another human being. But at least do something about the annoying boys and their stupid offers. Plus they never want to loose.  Not saying someone should make a deal with the intention of loosing, but if you’re the one making the offer at least make it interesting to me.   Just annoyed about that one thing', 'title': 'Really annoyed by the bots.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 1, 3, 4, 22), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 9, 22, 17, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'esk au', 'title': 'Great game, a couple issues.', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'All in all, I’mextremely happy with this game. Bought it on a whim and now I’m kind of addicted. Two problems though...\n\n1) People throwing games. Doesn’t happen a lot but it is seriously not cool. If they get mad or frustrated they sell everything to someone for a dollar and quit. There’s got to be a way to prevent that with trade thresholds.\n\n2) The game freezes. Happens maybe once every 6 matches. If you are 30 minutes into a game, too bad it’s done for.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 21, 5, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Wknitter12x12', 'title': 'So disappointed!', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Love love this game.  But NO JOKE!  It is rigged against a player.  It never fails, when I am playing against all AI, if I am short on cash, I rarely get to collect my salary when I pass go.  I once went EIGHT TIMES IN A ROW, landing on either the luxury or income tax.  I watch other players (AI) get money from Chance and Community chest, but I get bills or jail.  Or I roll into jail.  It’s happened so many times now, I just quit playing when I see the pattern start, b/c I know it won’t end.  It’s really frustrating, b/c I tend to play a little risky—buying up properties and depleting my cash.  But I am NEVER able to build it back up.  Totally rigged (and I never feel that way about a game!).'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 12, 17, 14, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ThisNickNameIsTaken121212', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15278688, 'body': "Thank you for your feedback! \nI can assure you our team is tirelessly working on minimizing these connection drops. Our next update will hopefully fix all reported issues, and will be available for our players this week. I'm also happy to tell you that this update also includes an in-game chat for players to stay communicated during the game! \nDon't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you have any more suggestions or concerns about Monopoly. ", 'modified': '2020-05-12T23:39:43Z'}, 'title': 'Fun game with potential to be great', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Well worth the $4. The game takes care of all the annoying/tedious parts of monopoly and lets you just enjoy playing with friends.\n\nBut, it also disconnects often. If you leave the app to make a quick text or pull up the iPhone’s control panel to change a song, you’ll get disconnected. You’ll either lose your turn, or be kicked out of the game entirely.\n\nalso, while an in game chat may be unlikely, it would be nice to have some way to interact. Maybe add capability to respond to actions with emojis that emit from the player names listed in the right.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 6, 18, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mikespencer707', 'title': 'A.I. Rolls are impossible', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I’ve played the game enough to know the A.I. Is fixed. At the least for most part.  I have been keeping track for the board and rolls from the A.I and it’s ridiculous.  I own all the properties start to Pennsylvania Railroad with hotels on all the property and the A.I 3 of them rolled around the board 5 times and never landed on any property. Always landed on Chance, just visiting or community chest. This has happened about 10 times already and I purposely purchased these properties to see if I could repeat the results and it’s been consistent on iPhone. \n\nIt’s not possible for 3 other players to roll 5 times completely around the board and never land on my property when I own 33 percent of the properties.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 15, 9, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rosie real', 'title': 'It’s called monopoly...', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'How come when you get a monopoly, it tells you have a color set? It should tell you that you have a MONOPOLY!  Boy, did someone snooze on that one.  The city in the middle of the board was a great idea but, once again ... someone missed the mark by not incorporating (see what I did there?) it into the game more and letting us see closer up details since someone obviously worked soooo hard on making it cool and realistic.  I really liked it though...it was much easier to navigate through than all its predecessor versions.  Good job!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 16, 57, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'YSFM19', 'title': 'Game constantly freezes', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'After playing for a decent amount of time, the game suddenly freezes and disconnects midway. This happened to me several times and its quite frustrating when you have been playing for 20+ minutes ! This will also happen when you mistakenly press the lock button on your phone or when you click on a notification that takes you to another app. If these issues get resolved and there is an option for you to get back in the game it would be great ! However at the time being its not as smooth as I hoped it would be especially when the game costs $3.99'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 15, 48, 56), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AtomRam', 'title': 'Good except....', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'This is a great game however I feel it’s a little rigged towards a random player in the game. One player always hits the properties they need, dodges hotels, and gets doubles frequently. They need to make this more random.\nAdditionally, a timer for online multiplayer games and a fast forward for single player games would make this game a 4 star for me. Also being able to save and continue single player games in case you have to go for a little bit. And a fix to the randomness will make it a 5 star perfect game.\n\nI hope the devs read this and take these things into consideration.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 23, 1, 35, 57), 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Dummest boi', 'developerResponse': {'id': 21798782, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your valuable feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or concerns to share. Apologies for any inconvenience and thank you for playing Monopoly.", 'modified': '2021-03-22T14:52:52Z'}, 'title': 'Very great game, BUT, the most very annoying problem.', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love to play this game on my iPhone and can make time fly so fast, BUT, there is a problem with online. I was playing online and some random guy had the ability to, when in a trade, make the time infinite. I think this happened because he switched between counter offer and trade offer every time the timer was about to end (The timer reset, maybe 🤔).I had to leave the game of course. Please fix this issue, otherwise, a pretty good game, keep it up 👍.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 16, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'storeE8', 'title': 'Good but not much offered without paying more', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It’s monopoly, so it’s fun. Well developed and good design overall. Seriously the team involved deserves praise.\n\nAs far as in app purchases they (mostly) cost more than the game itself and you don’t get much at all to start with.\n\nCouple things tho - it’d be nice to have a simpler less cluttered board for free - there’s so much going inside and outside the tiles its dizzying. And the drastic zoom into the piece as it hops along is way overboard. Every single time a player rolls? Nah, this should have a toggle on/off in settings - I don’t know why anyone would want it in the first place..\n\nFinally we should be able to see the active board when a player goes bust and their properties are auctioned - you gotta see who has what, and currently you can’t. This is unrealistic cause if you’re at a physical board, you can look at it at any time you want.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 3, 2, 58, 18), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'the black rabbit', 'title': 'Great Game But...', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'They really need to make multiplayer a different experience, instead of having a computer AI take over if a player quits they need to give the players the option to pause the game until that person has taken their turn. Nowadays people don’t have time to sit and play a whole game in one sitting. I truly think that if you found a way to do this then, you would get a whole lot more people who want to play and buy the app!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 4, 23, 25, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Opera love87', 'title': 'Love it', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve always loved this game, but I do wish both monopoly & LIFE didn’t require payment toward a board theme, I feel that’s asking too much, customers already have to purchase the game itself paying an additional $4-6 a theme is ridiculous. Maybe allow the player to earn by winning a certain amount of games, idk but, I really hope this changes in the future to enjoy these classic games overall well done in the background with the city life in motion.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 0, 9, 18), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jacob3488421', 'title': 'Please don’t buy it', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I was so excited to hen I first got this game but know I’m just mad. The computers often make the same deal with you over and over again and I actually did it one time because he would ask for it every round. Guess what i lost the game quickly after because of that deal. Also if I’m playing with computers why can’t I skip through what they do. Or choose if I wanna go first. Also the computers always get better roles than you. Also the in app purchase are horrendous. If you’re planning on playing with friends then get it, if not stay away.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 9, 0, 16, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Daisha435', 'title': 'Pretty fun game', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Being in a long distance relationship, I’m always looking for online games to play with my significant other. We had the Game of Life for a really long time, so we’d figured that we would give Monopoly a shot. Before the updates, it would freeze and glitch, but it’s been smooth sailing. The AI’s can make the game a pain, but it’s overall a really fun game. My favorite mode is custom because you can make up your own rules. I think the In-app purchases are a bit too expensive for my taste, but they seem pretty cool.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 14, 50, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chopal135', 'title': 'Good game but game can get stuck', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I appreciate that you have made one of my and my family’s childhood games mobile for ya to play when we are not in the same room. HOWEVER, it has become an incredibly frustrating experience with some of the bugs that freeze the game and cause an hour’s or more worth of game time go unfinished. Bugs include: frozen game when the screen is accidentally lifted due to the delicate response of the touch screen, a text , etc.\n\nYou’ve done a great job overall with the game, but I hope you can address the bugs and possible add a chat feature allowing for a more enjoyable user experience .\n\nThanks!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 1, 33, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kt06121996', 'title': 'The new update makes it impossible to build houses on the Purple properties', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This is game started out fantastic. I happily paid the money for the app and had loads of fun. However, since the update I’ve not been playing the game but I wish I could! First of all, for two out of the three purple properties I’m unable to build houses...the “Build Houses” button covers the properties-this alone totally ruins the game!! Secondly, it’s very difficult to see who owns the properties when trying to make a trade because the shaded area mostly covers the owners’ tags. Please fix ASAP! I tried emailing the app creators and did not get a response so sending a public message hoping for a fix otherwise please refund me the money I spent for this app.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 19, 38, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'VineyardPa', 'title': 'Great Game, still needs some additional tweaking', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'My wife & I love playing Monopoly on our IPads. I would give this game 5 stars but there are still some issues to fix. First we found that the Mortgage & House+ buttons on the left side of the game will cover some of the properties and won’t allow you to pay the mortgage or add houses. Second, the player buttons extend over some of the properties on the right side of the game when it is your turn. Lastly, there should be some way to pause your game so you can check your mail etc.. without the AI taking over.\nThanks VineyardPapa'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 4, 7, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'johnbonsjones', 'title': 'Rating', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Honestly, monopoly is an amazing game. This version on the other hand, is nothing like the real thing. When it comes to fairness, there is no way this game is considered “fair”. The amount of rolls that go in the AI’s favor compared to the actual players in unmatched. To go through multiple of these games with AI’s on any level other than easy is other than impossible. You can easily tell the other AI’s make deals for each other that almost always end up benefiting each other just to put the real player, me, at a disadvantage. To say the rolls and the game are completely unbiased or are always “fair” is in no way accurate. A complete waste of money in my opinion. I would never buy it again.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 12, 17, 44, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lippy1022', 'title': 'Online multiplayer', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Online multiplayer says you are playing against other people but me and my girlfriend were sitting right next to each other in the same game and it wasn’t synced. When it was my turn on my phone it was someone else’s turn on hers. None of the properties matched up in our screens but it said we were still playing together. Only reason I bought this game was to play with other people. Totally ruined the game for me learning this.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 26, 8, 29, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kobra Kings', 'title': 'Love the game but a lot of bugs', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'App would be better if it still had some of the old settings before the updated version. Such as having more custom options, whatever happened to setting a certain amount of money we can start with? Or being able to save your progress in a solo game? I also noticed that the game happens to freeze a lot if you interact with the screen often. Like loading into a match with other online players or trying to make a trade or swiping up a notification and the game disconnects really easily. Please fix ! Thank u !'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 16, 40, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'snappreview', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12507658, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-20T11:24:01Z'}, 'title': 'So fun, but rigged in favor of AI', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'First I want to compliment the beautiful graphics.  I’m really enjoying the game, but I have it on easy mode and there’s no doubt ths was programmed to favor the computer.  The AI always gets good rolls on the dice, while I will land on bad stuff, the AI lands on Chance/Community Chest cards that give money while I usually have to pay, etc.  I can go to jail six times before the AI goes once.  If this is “easy” mode, what would be hard?\n\nAlso, the new update sped up the tokens dramatically.  If you’re going to make the pieces go 90 miles an hour, have them slide instead of hop.  It’s just dizzying to watch.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TaterTotPilot', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 3, 18, 2, 16), 'review': 'My favorite board game of all time. This has options to play as a single player against 1-3 other computer players.... a “pass and play” where you and friends can pay around your phone for each turn.... online against your friends who also have the all...or even online against random ppl live!!!  There are options in the game to pay more for cooler pieces and cooler board themes but i love CLASSIC MONOPOLY.  $4 and I can play whenever I want!  Love it.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'My favorite game app'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'WhyIsEveryNickNameTakenKirus', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 9, 27, 20), 'review': 'This game wouldn’t be fantastic but it disconnects online almost every match. I’m a rarely able to play an entire match because I either loose or I disconnect before I can win. It’s not network connection related the game will simply freeze and not respond after that. If you exit the app you have no way to rejoin a session so all you can do is sit there for 10 minutes and hope it clears up or leave all together. Very disappointing, I think I’ve only won once on this game due to the disconnecting. Other than that the game is great. Sometimes you can match with annoying players who don’t end their turns but that type of stuff is to be expected.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Online frequently disconnects'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CTnative', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 18, 34, 15), 'review': 'Had a great time playing this last night for our first remote family game night.  When it got late, we decided to continue the game today.  However, our game no longer exists.  Given how long games can go, I hope this is something you can fix.  It would also be nice to be able to invite more than 3 people to join a game.  There are 5 of us currently spread across the country, and we were fortunate that two of us are together and could compete as a team.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Need Multiplayer Save Function'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BJeremy', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17764818, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very happy to hear that our Monopoly has met your expectations :)! I hope you keep having a blast, and if you ever have questions please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-08T18:50:37Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 7, 0, 50, 16), 'review': 'This is just like playing Monopoly the board game, but it goes so much quicker because the app takes care of most of the things that slow down the regular game. As a board game monopoly just takes too long, but not when you’re playing the app! The only thing you lose is having to count money, which is important for building math skills in small kids. Otherwise this is a great upgrade. Nice graphics too.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Monopoly, but so much better!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ladiesmaaan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 22, 8, 22, 57), 'review': 'So this app is actually pretty solid. HOWEVER, like many people on hear are saying: it does need work. AI is too predictable when set to “hard,” games tend to freeze up every now and then, but all in all these are easy issues to fix! I’m hoping Marmalade can correct these arguably easy problems in their next update.\n\nHOWEVER, this games seriously needs lobbies. A place where you can meet up to play a game with a buddy and other strangers would be fantastic! Hopefully this can be implemented soon.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Needs Lobbies!'}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'KingArkad', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299068, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are sorry to hear that you are experiencing some issues with Monopoly. I have shared this information with the QA and programming teams so that they can investigate and fix the issue as soon as possible. Regarding more multiplayer features, we're happy to tell you that we have a few things already planned that are sure to please you! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T17:34:49Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 20, 1, 50, 19), 'review': 'The game works very well single player and passing around the device. AI however is really simple to beat even in hard mode. Also, while playing online someone landed on one of my hotels and the player trades with another because they did not have enough money, immediately after the trade the payment was voided and I was never paid the rent.\n\nAlso, the game could add a lot of multiplayer features like voice chatting, leaderboards/ranks, and a reconnecting option if a player accidentally disconnects from an online game.\n\nThis is by far the greatest game for me and I really do enjoy it, so I hope marmalade can fix the issues and add some features to make it even better.\n\nEdit: game continues to improve! Please add voice chat similar to PUBG, it would make the game waay better!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Favorite game of all time'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Laydee Loca', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 15, 0, 1, 12), 'review': 'Originally put 3 stars but after reading ur bad reviews I notice this game is actually rigged everything they mentioned is EXACTLY WHAT I WENT THROUGH!!!!\n\nLove the game, love the graphics BUT I PLAYED a whole game with the computers and one landed on me 4 times when we were the last two left and in the middle of trying to raise the money all four times it froze !!! When re opened it rolls AGAIN and froze EACH TIME till the player rolled ENOUGH TO land on free parking then and only then would the game continue!!! I love a challenge and I am perfectly fine with a fair loss but the fact my 950 and 750 wasn’t paid all 4 times it froze so THE FACT I lost is uncool !!😂😂😂', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'STRAIGHT UP CHEATERS'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ffreaannkk12345', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 3, 43, 28), 'review': 'Really fun BUT!! had some major glitches with online multiplayer mode, hope it got fixed with the update. \n\nAlso, the game gets boring after you figure out how to beat it on hard mode. The algorithm tries to even the playing field/eliminate the AI players if there’s no chance of them winning.\n\nI wish you could earn achievements for different accomplishments in classic mode, or even have a national scoreboard to compete against (that would keep things interesting). Such as: \n1. achievement for fastest time winning the game.\n2. Achievement for winning with $5,000, $10,000, etc. \n3. Achievement for bankrupting a player within 10-15 minutes \n4. Accomplish achievements to unlock new board players/maps\n\nI don’t get why I should pay for new things if it doesn’t do anything to change the playing experience of the game?? \n\nThose are my suggestions. \n\nFun but short lived. If I wasn’t on quarantine, probably wouldn’t play as much.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'vanie2525', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 1, 4, 41, 18), 'review': 'I’ve been enjoying this game for the last week, but I hate that I don’t get to keep a track record or my winnings, or rank up in status which will be really fun and engaging.. it is discouraging  when I win  there’s no rewards,incentives or ranking up of any kind. , it will be much more fun if it would have some sort of recognition of how many games payed so every player can see and levels of achievements.. and maybe be able to unlock a board or peices by playing and not only by paying.   Not cool.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game, but'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'anonymously_annoyed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 12, 23, 31), 'review': 'Don’t waste your money on this! This game offers a “play with friends” option. Which is suppose to allow friends to join or even a create a game where you can play together. You can even customize rules and boards which sounds like a great idea. WRONG! because it NEVER actually works. Can’t tell you how many countless minutes I’ve wasted sending five digit codes to friends. Only to receive a message stating “no internet connection” (which is a lie) or “this game could no longer be found.” Therefore this extra feature doesn’t exist. It’s $4 to play alone on a classic Monopoly board against cheating robots. How exciting! 🙄🤨', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'The truth'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'YaGalie', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 18, 50, 31), 'review': 'I was playing a game with friends online when I got a call on my phone. I declined the call and was still kicked from the game, replaced by a bot, and could not rejoin. Was a big bummer since I was winning.  Considering this is a mobile game, it does not have much flexibility with connectivity and kicks you from any multiplayer game the first chance it gets. Because of this, it’s difficult to use on the phone. \nThe developers should take into consideration the fact that people need to text and use their phone as the game is in-action. If I leave the screen, etc, I cannot rejoin the game. That’s a major issue. \n\nOther than the multiplayer problems (which are pretty big for me since that’s the only reason I got the game was to play with friends) the game plays well and is super easy to understand. \nIf the multiplayer issue gets fixed (if a rejoin option or pause option is implemented) then this game would be perfect. \nDevelopers!! Please fix this!', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Multiplayer issues'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'gigibarazi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 11, 48, 21), 'review': 'This app is amazing. I played a 2 hour game last night with friends and I had a blast. The interface is amazing and overall it’s a great app. But an issue we keep encountering is that whether it be the beginning, middle, or end of the game, it would suddenly crash. It would freeze on someones turn (the trains would still move but the game just stops). Please try to find a solution because it literally ruins a 2 hour game and it’s extremely frustrating. Thank you.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Best thing to happen during quarantine'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TheMonopolist', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 15, 56, 27), 'review': 'Good game but has lost much of its greatness. The old monopoly game had way more house rule options. It also had all sorts of game/historical stats- why would those be taken away? Also the old one had a ‘speed up’ button so you wouldn’t have to wait for the game token to count every space. Please make there a way to save online games with friends so they can be finished later. Also when I play against the AI, my game name is stuck on the one that the game set up for me! Why!? As a fan of the game of monopoly, please please please address these on the next update.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Decent but needs improvement'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lovingnessi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 6, 9, 52), 'review': 'Monopoly please please please! Make it not freeze anymore! I have to keep exiting the game and start new ones yet it will still freeze in the new ones and so on! I enjoy playing this game besides the flaws and all. But this makes me not want to play it anymore due to the issues it has been dealing with. If it didn’t freeze on me like it has been lately then I would be playing this game just about everyday! And instead avoid writing this bad review out of frustration LOL please fix this sooooon :( \n\nsincerely a frustrated loyal fan, Nessi', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Monopoly'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'wf8686', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 4, 36, 26), 'review': "Computer opponents need programming review. One of them needed to raise $97 to pay an $800 rent when it landed on another computer opponent's property and instead of selling off one of their many houses or hotels to raise that small amount of cash, they somehow declared bankruptcy instead. Then all of their property (this opponent owned nearly a third of the board at the time they declared bankruptcy) was transferred to the other computer opponent, which changed the dynamic of the game completely and gave the new owner 2/3 ownership of the board.  This wouldn't happen in a normal game, in which one would simply sell a house or mortgage a minor property to pay the $97 difference.", 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Computer opponents need work'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '==)::::::::::::::>', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23106042, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Also, we are currently working on a feature that will allow players to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-05-31T12:24:29Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 29, 19, 14, 40), 'review': 'I really like the game but there needs to be a way to pause the online with friends mode cause my family and I can’t always play in one setting with the real board so we come back to it the next day or anytime we want to I would like to see that change. and another change is to be able to rejoin the game if I have bad internet and get kicked out of the game wise it always crashes close to the end for me and I can’t join back. \n\nAnyway thank you for your time and I like the game but please change these things', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great game but a few changes'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'spenceycat', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 15, 5, 49, 12), 'review': 'This is one of my favorite games to play. I like how it’s faster to play than on Nintendo switch. There’s a few things that’re different. But one thing that really annoys me when I play is the AI will ask you constantly to trade every turn and I wish there was a way to fix that or atleast turn it off. I know it sounds weird for me to say but it’s something I’ve had to get used to from playing on different platforms.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'One of my favorites but'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chromega', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 21, 25, 44), 'review': 'Overall, they did a great job bringing the game to life with the 3D effects and sound effects. My only improvement would be more game rule customization. Even when you are playing a single player game, you can only alter the rules a little bit, so no way of making your own adaptation aside from a handful of small rule changes you can make for speeding up the game, but if that’s not a big deal to you and you’re looking to play it by the book, this is exactly what you want.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great Digital Version'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LynziFizzy43', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18462154, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are saddened to hear that you experienced this freezing problem while playing our Monopoly game. We completely understand how frustrating this can be. We are actively listening to our players’ feedback regarding connection instability and game freezes and are doing everything in our power to address them. We desire only the best gaming experience for our players and won’t rest until all known issues are resolved.\r\n\r\nIf you have any questions please send us a message to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. \r\n', 'modified': '2020-10-13T23:43:10Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 11, 20, 6, 13), 'review': 'It is ABSOLUTELY ridiculous that I have purchased this app with my money and the majority of the time it doesn’t even work! It either freezes right when the game starts or when you’re already an hour or 2 into the game! Which then forces you to restart the app losing any progress you had made in the game. This NEEDS to be fixed, it happens way too often and I will not be recommending anyone this game until it is fixed. There should also be a chat option for us to use, not the useless pre-picked words. It also does not seem to be very random with how the dice works! Overall this app needs a lot of work to be worth paying for it!', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Needs a LOT of work'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Boodhvgjnv', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 9, 0, 18), 'review': 'Guys.. why is it so hard for such a basic game to not crash?!?! You have free games like PUBG and Fortnite that can handle over 100 players in one lobby. But this game can’t handle 4, and you actually PAY for it?! 3 of my buddies and I all paid for this game, and we have yet to finish a game before it freezes! And we’ve tried to play at least 20 times in a 3 week span. All 4 of us have even tried to play individually against random players, and have yet to finish a game. This game would be absolutely amazing if it wasn’t for a few of these minor problems. \n\nIf you’re going to charge us for a product.. at least make it work properly.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'I have yet to finish a game so far... DO NOT BUY UNTIL THIS IS FIXED'}, {'review': 'The game cheats. The other three players seem to work together and they trade amongst each other without exchanging any cash.  I notice when I’m on the winning side I end up in jail or my property taxed.  Then, I notice that when they are in jail and roll a double they get out and roll again.  This one’s a jail breakers - you got to be paying attention cause it’s quick they sometimes move less than the roll of the dice or move more than the roll of the dice.\n\nThis game is slick, but not quicker than I.  It seems to study your moves and learns your habits.  It’s challenging ... but it cheats in its favor\n\nOh ... and sometimes a player would move twice- stay alert\n\nI love a challenge \n\nWould be nice to see how many times I won and my running numbers in a roll\n\nI’m killing those cheaters', 'userName': 'Justuskids7', 'title': 'Shepherd7', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 28, 16, 25, 34), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Call it pathetic if you like but I play Monopoly tournaments and this game could be awesome instead of “better than nothing”. With pogo losing its rights to have a large platform, it would be nice to see this app save your stats and winnings, have a leaderboard, Offer online tournaments, and a censored chat room since most of monopoly is in the negotiation (this is the least prioritization since it would slow up game play unless it was timed). Lastly for trades, it would be nice for a three way trade option too. This is a great start, but also looking forward to MAJOR updates!', 'userName': 'PHX-Cb', 'title': 'Monopoly Tourney Player', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 5, 49, 21), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The online mode to play with friends is completely glitched. This is the only reason we bought the game. But it keeps freezing in the middle of the games, almost consistently. I could probably finish 1 game out of 10, wasting hours on games we could never finish, and we all have fiber optics, high speed internet. \nHighly frustrating and not worth the price if the online mode is impracticable.\nBefore asking us to pay $7 to get any new board on top of the initial price, it would have been wiser to make sure that the basic online game is functioning properly.\nI will consider changing the one star once the online mode stops randomly disconnecting.', 'userName': 'Rolio104', 'title': 'Impossible to play online', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 16, 14, 21), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This version of monopoly has many little issues that could be fixed easily. The game glitches often and if you’re playing online with a friend and go out of the app, you forfeit the game. Also, while playing with a friend it froze near the end of our game and we had to make a brand new game, never knowing who would have won. It would be nice if there were more options for custom games i.e. increasing starting money, selecting color, etc. The increased money would be fun because sometimes the game ends too quickly.', 'userName': 'Seraph15', 'title': 'Underwhelming, but still fun overall', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 16, 58, 44), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is great. Feels like playing traditional monopoly, but at a pace that can actually be managed in one sitting. Trouble is while playing, we had to restart twice due to the game freezing between turns. There is no option at this point but to restart the game. Another issue, when you click purchase property, it occurred twice where it just pretended that it never happened and skipped the turn. Problematic in competitive households. Gameplay is simple enough, there really shouldn’t be any glitches. Especially in a game you pay for.', 'userName': 'Mali8u', 'title': 'Entertaining, but glitches', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 14, 58, 23), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I’ve had this game for 2 days and I already like it. The only things that you should improve is the store and freezing errors. The store is real money for a 4 dollar game. Maybe add an in game currency? I don’t know but that would make it more fun. The second thing is that in middle of a game, the game sometimes just freezes but the background is still playing. It doesn’t happen often but it does happen. So please fix that glitch but other wise, it is a good,fun, and enjoyable game.', 'userName': 'CRASH CRASH CRASH!!!!!!!!', 'title': 'It good except for 2 things', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 14, 58, 12), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'We all love a classic game of monopoly, and besides a few glitches here and there the game is pretty good. Although one suggestion I would offer for people with a more competitive spirit (such as myself), you can keep track of wins or loses. Maybe see how many times another person has won and offer prizes etc... Also, it would be great if there was a chat room while playing online, it’s hard playing a fun game of monopoly without being able to actually communicate to your opponent.', 'userName': 'Jaliah C Turner', 'title': 'Great Game but more competitive?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 9, 34, 18), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s fun and addictive, I like playing online multiplayer quick play but the past 2 games have glitched and forced me to basically quit because the game froze. It happened at the same spot after a trade. It asked me if I wanted to keep the property mortgaged or not but wouldn’t let me click anything. Just froze. This is so frustrating. I paid for this game and it is not worth 3.99 at all. You can’t interact with other players and you don’t have any sort of stats or anything. Kinda lame. I hope this game becomes better because right now it’s just mediocre.', 'userName': 'aamsanchez', 'title': 'Good but needs fixing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 6, 5, 11), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I see in some older reviews that others are experiencing the same problems I am. The game is wonderful and I love being able to play Monopoly without having 3 other people on hand who are willing to give me 2 hours of their day. The issue, however, is that the app keeps freezing! I will end my turn, and the game will freeze. The other players cannot see that my turn is ended, as the command apparently doesn’t go through. Therefore the game is at a standstill for them, and I am helpless to do anything about it or continue the game myself. This is incredibly frustrating.', 'userName': 'Jjklagfsjk', 'title': 'Love the Game, not the Glitches!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 27, 22, 15, 9), 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23086267, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to improve Monopoly's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-05-30T13:03:13Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I was excited to see a monopoly game on the App Store, but disappointed upon playing it – it is very slow moving, and offers very little outside of basic gameplay without having to pay extremely high charges for basic functions, like a different game board. I would have added another star if there was a way to speed up the process between turns, and if in app purchases were not so ridiculously high. At least some options should be free.', 'userName': 'Critter028', 'title': 'Love the game, but it plays very slowly and minimum options without paying', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 13, 2, 33, 55), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game itself is fun and great. I appreciate the absence of ads and no nagging suggestions to purchase paid content.\nGraphics are quite good as well, most animations are smooth and well thought out. My issue is with the fringing on every single UI element as well as every character and object in game. \nBrand new devices like the one I’m using can easily handle such things. The app doesn’t seem to be worth premium for such silly, uneven lines that fringe absolutely everywhere, unless it’s a straight line. Even dice looks like a staircase around the edges.', 'userName': 'Mr.Ursus', 'title': 'Graphics require improvement', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 21, 34, 14), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is like sitting and playing with family at a table just now on your phone love that you can change the rules because people have house rules that they like to play with that the app incorporates. I just think more than 4 people should be able to play and you should have a way of chatting with the other players since you are not able to leave out the game and message them without losing your turn to a computer.', 'userName': 'DKJ1970', 'title': 'I love it! just needs a few changes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 13, 15, 50), 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15306477, 'body': "Thank you for your review! I'm happy to tell you that our next update, which will be available this week, includes an in-game reaction chat for our players to communicate during the game! We've also been listening to our users' feedback and are already considering implementing an update that will allow more than four players to join a private match. We hope this further improves your experience playing Monopoly!", 'modified': '2020-05-14T00:41:44Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Game freezes and a hour you put in is wasted and it’s sad they have not fixed this issue and players were already complaining about it before I downloaded the game.\n\nUpdate: This isn’t the games fault but understand before buying. The people that play this game could be children or people that have no clue how to play. Reason: Too many people trade color sets for practically nothing and the next thing you know you got hotels on a color set and we still have 50% of the board to purchase. The play style is amateur at best. A game can end early within 15 minutes or less when this is done. So Remember you aren’t playing with the brightest.', 'userName': 'Jmguez', 'title': 'Just give it 2 stars', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 8, 56, 1), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'With this being a mobile game, there should be a section to either spectate or re-join a game in multiplayer. There’s been a lot of instances where signal is lost for a second and there’s no chance of re-joining. \n\nWonderful game, just wish there were more interweave friendly options for the multiplayer section such as the other reviews said. Like emotes or being able to see how many people are watching and things of that nature. But a re-join button needs to be inserted into the game.', 'userName': 'Gurbo30', 'title': 'Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 10, 20, 25, 29), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'My first review had lower star rating because of all the bugs, but it’s understandable. After some of them got fixed, it made the game more playable and enjoyable just as the physical game without the stressful arguments with other players. Sometimes I would win and the game puts another player as the winner. Kind of annoying. The only thing missing would some type of statistics at the end or in general to see your performance. Other than that I would definitely buy it again.', 'userName': 'Salvador Arroyo', 'title': 'Entertaining and Fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 2, 17, 29), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Gameplay’s pretty decent, but there are some key features missing that were present in past Monopoly editions. First, there should be an option to give $X amount of money for landing on Free Parking. Past editions have given players the option to choose between $0, $500, $1,000, and $1,500. Secondly, there should be some kind of capability to speed up the animations during turns to quicken the gameplay. Other editions had implemented such features by tapping the screen or pressing a certain button to accomplish this. Would be great if these were incorporated somehow. Thanks!', 'userName': 'The Guy That Knows Music', 'title': 'Not Bad, Not Great', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 16, 33, 4), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Me and my friends love the board version of this game. We play all the time and this app version brings that same enjoyment to the palm of your hand. There’s a few bugs that could be worked out but I would love to see some improvement to the data side of things. Would love to keep track of the games I have won and how much I won by. Also would love the option for “Mega Monopoly” as a board. Overall it’s a great start to the app and I can’t wait to see what they do with updates!', 'userName': 'Pastor Cody', 'title': 'LOVE IT but room for improvement!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 17, 53, 54), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "The game play is ok. Graphics are good. I was just expecting more from a $3.99 app. I've played many other games that were free that provided the same level of enjoyment. I've only been playing the last two days and the game has gotten stuck several times where I had to restart the app. I also noticed that when I have hotels on park place and boardwalk, the computer players are always landing on the go to jail square. This happened 3rimes in a row for two out of the three computer pieces. The difficulty level for each computer player isn't a representation of skill but rather a determination of luck. If I could return the app to get my $3.99 back, I totally would.", 'userName': 'great2001', 'title': 'Disappointed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 15, 35, 41), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Played 10 games today, my Girlfriend and I could predict the AI’s rolls. The algorithms are set to drag out the games.\n\n The AI would consistently trade with each other, below, or equal to the value of the property just to set the board. They would also consistently  pull positive “chance”, and “community chest” cards. We also tried changing the difficulty, but that didn’t change much. \n\nI did a few experiments. I played four games, where I intentionally bought the left side of the board. The AI only hit one of my properties a quarter of the time. It would almost always be the same “visit jail” roll 7. Chance card. Repeat.', 'userName': 'NeisesJn', 'title': 'AI algorithms', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 10, 4, 10, 56), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I don’t feel like I should pay for this app when everything in the app is behind a pay wall. If you want to charge for boards and upgrades, then make it a free app. Otherwise give me opportunities in game to grind out levels for a new board. I wish there were levels or stats that I could refer to. Maybe daily missions or something to keep me coming back daily. This game is great if you have a monopoly itch, but it could be a lot better if it was fleshed out a bit more.', 'userName': 'CarlieIsRed', 'title': 'Great game, however', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 29, 12, 22, 21), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ok where do I start. Monopoly has always been a great game for me to play when I get bored. My favorite properties on the board are Park Place & Boardwalk (both Dark Blue), and the 4 railroads (B & O, Pennsylvania, Short Line, Reading Railroad). Not that all the other properties aren’t good, I was saying those are MY favorites. Whenever I would save up my cash a lot, I would buy houses on my favorite properties. It saves me money and time, very good game to play. 10/10 No issues at all.', 'userName': 'ZanderReviews1234', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Very entertaining and fun game!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 7, 58, 44)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is just down right fun, \nBUT, a few suggestions for creators. \n\n1- have a skip animation Button( maybe consider just allowing users to press the screen to fast forward the animations. \n\n2- you know how it has the players on right side of screen, maybe when it’s that players turn make it notice (consider having the players tokens that are on right side of screen blink or have some sort of animation on it so it’s real easy to know who’s turn it is. Sometimes we miss the “please give device to “next user” \n\n3- lastly, probably my most suggested. \n(Consider allowing use to either move the camera angle to a closer view on just a birds eye view but maybe a side view. Or when the token moves have the camera follow it on a side view so it allows us to enjoy the beautiful themes you make) \n\nIf these can get fixed or at least my most suggested one I’ll give 5 stars for sure!', 'userName': 'Furfur004', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Needs work', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 23, 18, 37)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I got this game for 4$ and I was thinking will this be worth it and I got it and it was so much fun I ran into a few glitches here and there I’ve played like 20 games and I’ve only ran into 1 problem the is that when your starting the game it shows you the property’s but my screen got froze on it and my iPad never glitches on these type of games but I was having a blast  while buying hotels ok I’m done talking overall this game is worth the money.', 'userName': 'cacthakas', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'WORTH THE MONEY$', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 4, 13, 33)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'They did a great job of recreating Monopoly for the phone, and it worked well when I tried to play on my own. However, I got it so that I could play online with my family during the quarantine, which is a feature that was specifically recommended for this game. However, that feature does not work. It consistently crashes in the middle of the game and you can’t get back in. Way more frustrating than it is worth. Tried too many times for it to be a fluke. Would not recommend and going to search for something else to play instead.', 'userName': 'GMan0420', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Very Disappointing Online With Friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 20, 19, 16)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is defintely a blast. There’s a couple things I don’t like about this game. They want you to pay for the other maps. There’s only one map upon purchase. Also when your playing against other people in classic mode online, and someone leaves it doesn’t say you win or anything just lets the other player bail as you sit there waiting for them to come back. Upset they wanna charge $5 for a new map ahha ridiculous , rather go get in n out , but overall it’s a really fun game', 'userName': 'monopoly$manjon', 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15172691, 'body': "Thank you for sharing your feedback! We're glad to know you enjoy our game overall as we desire only the best gaming experience possible for all our players. I have also forwarded your concerns about pricing to our development team for them to discuss. We understand that accessibility is important, but we also want to note that these in-app purchases are purely cosmetic and don't affect the gameplay in any way. We put a lot of effort into our game and wish to provide the best service, so please let us know if you have any more comments or concerns about our games at help@marmalademail.com! ", 'modified': '2020-05-07T21:56:48Z'}, 'title': 'Monopoly rating', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 6, 7, 39)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love playing the game with my friends and family but the game acts really glitchy. This becomes annoying when you leave a game quickly to check a text or whatever and suddenly the game crashes. Again, I enjoy the game but would like it the glitches would stop in the future. Especially when this is a paid app and other games that are free (such as COD mobile) rarely have such glitches by comparison. Thank y’all and have a good day.', 'userName': 'Infinins', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good but several glitches ruin gameplay', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 23, 44, 42)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Soooo. I love this game and the update has been pretty good but is it just me but has anybody else noticed that if you get the the set of purple and try to put houses on them you can’t because the  “add houses” button is in the way and there is no way around it so I can only add one house and that’s on Charles Street.\n\nSecond playing online still feels like you are playing bots.\n\nI do like the updates though if we could just fix this last issue and make the “add house” buttons and I guess all the buttons so they won’t impede on the left side of the board.', 'userName': 'maystroud', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I love Monopoly but.......', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 19, 22, 25)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love monopoly, but have to say that I’m pretty disappointed with this PAID app. Frequent crashes, freezes, and other problems plague a majority of my games, and often times it seems that the “random” dice rolls are not in fact random at all. It’s just really frustrating after finally acquiring houses/hotels to have the app crash or to be going against an AI that skips an entire row of your properties over and over again. If they can fix these issues and make a system where it’s possible to reconnect to a game that crashes I would give many more stars, but for now it’s a 2 out of 5 at best.', 'userName': 'Ender1295', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Fun but EXTREMELY buggy...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 6, 3, 15, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I bought this a few days ago and have played many games. I should say I’ve started many games, my friends and i have hardly been able to play much of any game because it freezes or lags. I’ve probably played ten games in total and haven’t been able to go around the board no more then twice before freezing. This was with online with friends play and we’ve all been connected to good WiFi. If they’re able to fix that in the future and add the ability to exit the app when it’s not your turn then it will be a phenomenal game. But until then i will not be playing it.', 'userName': 'bdisnevdidneb', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Not the best', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 21, 22, 39)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game smooth and perfect gameplay fun and relaxing after a long day at work the only problem is online multiplayer there are long pauses and time where you sitting there for 10+ min is we could do like a time out thing where it automatically goes and buy or rolls or automatically got to auction just to keep the game going so you not sitting there on a zoomed in screen other than that amazing gameplay 😊', 'userName': 'Pure hood', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12492765, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. There are timers in multiplayer, but unfortunately some users are experiencing freezes with the game, which make it seem like there are no turn timers. We have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T16:19:18Z'}, 'title': 'Amazing game reminds me of when I was a kid', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 19, 37, 22)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It takes a few tries to get a game to start, that’s not a big deal. But good lord there’s a number of freezes that can happen. The worst is if you acquire a Mortgaged property the game will ask if you want to keep it like that or in mortgage it. You can’t and the game freezes and you have to quit. Having ranks and tournaments would be great but the bugs are rough. To be 20 min into a game to have it freeze isn’t good when it’s a $5 game.', 'userName': 'Yomomma2', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494577, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:40:54Z'}, 'title': 'Really amazing, but the bugs are bad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 10, 42, 32)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game but does have a few bugs that need to be worked out due to the game freezing. Also on Monopoly Plus, there was one additional way to customize your games. If a player landed on GO, they could choose to go to any spot on the board. This obviously helped speed up the game by making it making it quicker to get monopolies. Could this please be added to the customization features???', 'userName': 'ecookjr', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I like :-) (needs one more thing tho)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 26, 0, 3, 29)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'First off, you got to be kidding me when playing with the  AI/computer with the trade deal asking you every turn. Did you people test this feature out yourself and not think it’s the most annoying thing in the world, not to mention biggest waste of time. Also I’ve played this where I went to jail 5 times before passing go, the computer already got the monopoly for the blue/best monopoly, and the orange, all before I even got the chance to pass go once. Kept on playing and kept going to jail. So far I went to jail 12 times and passed go twice. So I decided to stop the game and write this review. There’s no way that my luck is that bad, it’s an absolute joke. Make it random please.', 'userName': 'Jmand1929', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Super rigged!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 19, 46, 19)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I still have the old monopoly app and was wayyy better. Normally the advantage of playing a board game on a mobile app is the immersion. The old app had animated board pierced that behaved differently. You could throw the dice in any way you wanted and it actually used physics mechanics. This current version has none of that. The pieces just jump around and the dice rolls the exact same way every time. $4 is way to much for an app that looks half baked. I wish the App Store had a return option like the google play store has when you get a garbage app like this.', 'userName': 'Saitha_SATA', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'The old app was better.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 23, 59, 26)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I actually preordered this game. The old version was awesome and I was excited for the new one. Here’s the thing - you pay for the app, and then STILL have to pay more for in-app purchases of other boards. And at 6.99 each, they aren’t cheap either!\n\nGameplay is good. I wish that there was an option for “fast animations” like there was in the old game though - that sped things up quite a bit if you were just playing a quick game. \n\nOverall, the game is solid. I just think it’s wild how y', 'userName': 'Holden Barnes', 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12322706, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. Our in-app purchases are all purely cosmetic and do not affect game-play in any way. However, your feedback is greatly appreciated and your concerns about the pricing will be shared with the team.\nRegarding the speed of the game, we're happy to tell you that the team is already looking into ways of speeding up the game-play. ", 'modified': '2019-12-10T17:22:41Z'}, 'title': 'Good game, but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 15, 50, 38)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Gave it 4 stars because there are a few things I would change\n1 I don’t like when the pieces are moving the zoom in and out is pretty hard on the eyes. I wish there was a “no animation” option\n2 when buying houses and hotels for the st Charles block you can’t do it to easily because the menu for buying houses slides over the house lot and you can’t place them. \n3 seems like the dice lay in favor got AI quite a bit.\n\nThey fixed number 2 however the game is still computer favored when it comes to the dice. Like another player said. Seems that every time the other players are anywhere near a hotel of yours it glides right by every time. I know you can’t win every time you play but you got to make it more believable. For this I am going to delete this game.  It’s frustrating time and time again.', 'userName': 'Hewalkedonwater', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Updated', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 9, 1, 41, 22)}, {'isEdited': True, 'review': 'Love monopoly, but this app is very shaky still.\n\nEarlier today, played with four people through iPhones and worked seamlessly! Tonight, with 3 people + a computer it froze with no options to continue on, leaving us all to quit 45 mins in. \n\nAlso frustrating that the chat box is limiting (but funny when used out of context), switching between apps to text your group ends up replacing you with an AI and skipping your turn/decisions, random crashes - this game would be 5 stars if it were up to par with many other gaming apps that are out, and for much cheaper.\n\nIf you’re going to have the public pay 3.99 for entertainment (while many other apps are cheaper - I would say $3.99 would get you a full, less bugged app), the least we could ask for is reliable entertainment! I will refuse to try any of the other game board apps until I know the problems are actually resolved. \n\nLooking forward to future app updates!', 'userName': 'TiMclaughlin', 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15159665, 'body': 'Hello, it has come to our attention that one of the third-party services that we use experienced a temporary outage yesterday that affected a great number of apps on iOS and caused them to immediately crash on start-up. Monopoly was temporarily affected but should now be back to normal. Please try playing again and don’t forget to leave us your feedback! We worked very hard to make Monopoly and sincerely hope that you enjoy it.\r\n\r\nShould you still be experiencing problems, get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n\r\nWe’re sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. \r\n', 'modified': '2020-05-07T10:27:32Z'}, 'title': 'Very fun... when the app cooperates', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 3, 22, 57)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve always been a Monopoly fan. Great game. One design glitch.  I had to raise money and it suggested that I mortgage off St James, so I did. Later, when I wanted to unmortgage it, when I clicked on the MORTGAGE button, it expanded and covered over the property so that I could not select it to unmortgage it.  Because of placement, that seems to be the only property affected by this. My game is on an iPad Mini, if that makes a difference. Other than that, when the kids and I enjoy this when on the road.', 'userName': 'Sir Sly', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game, one glitch so far', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 20, 16, 28)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game would be worth the price if it did not have glitches with some of the features. Proposing a trade between players is sometimes difficult when the window covers the portion of the board that you want to select.  Also, it sometimes auto selects who will be traded with versus giving the option to pick the player.  I had to delete the app and reload (losing all data) to reset it.   Lastly, the game sometimes freezes.  One change that would just be nice is if the auction would allow players to choose how much they bid.  I would love this app if the bugs could be worked out.', 'userName': 'Fe192837465', 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12319374, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T14:12:22Z'}, 'title': 'Glitches', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 8, 34, 30)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game will not notify you of a time it is your turn or allow you to reconnect if the app closes or crashes. This is a problem because monopoly is a long game. I want to have the freedom to play with friends and take turns. I understand when playing multiplayer online this is necessary but there should be the option for a timer, not forcing the game to end. I would really appreciate it if the devs considered adding in a way for players to join back in to games with friends and notifications for players to know when their turn is up! Thank you', 'userName': 'iRooster16', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'No reconnecting or notifications', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 3, 11, 53)}, {'review': 'The game runs smoothly and is reminiscent of the traditional game with optional customizations. A few recommendations:\n\n1: in-game chat for online multiplayer and online with friends would be an great awesome feature. It would be nice to chat with friends and family, and it would also make for a more fun negotiation experience. A microphone option would a great feature as well. I’m sure they are trying to keep the game family friendly, so maybe these feature can be made available for online with friends only?\n\n2:it would be nice to have the option to view properties and other options when it is not the players turn so that strategies can develop while the game is playing. \n\nOverall, this is a great game, and I look forward to further updates', 'userName': 'Afromayne', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 21, 18, 2, 33), 'title': 'Great game', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is beautiful and a great visual representation of the board game brought into 2020 but the connection issues and lag are terrible. At least half of the online multiplayer games I’ve played have frozen and/or quit, so there’s been much wasted game time. I don’t know how this could be fixed but it should be focused on. I’m not normally one to spend money on a game and I wish that my $3.99 was out to better use.', 'userName': 'ksav8801', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 16, 20, 33), 'title': 'Constant connection problems', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I thing it’s dumb that you can’t just exit the screen and it saves progress, always disconnects you then glitches half the time when you re-open the game even if it’s been a few seconds and won’t load back up. They need to make it if you are playing bots or just with friends that you can open and close the game and it saves data that way you can make a move whenever you want and not have any issues with a bit taking over for you or just completely kicking you from game and won’t load back in.  So only 2 stars since it barely works.', 'userName': 'tankideity', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 2, 44, 39), 'title': 'Always crashes', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'You can’t put down your phone for a second it seems. Too many glitches trying to play with friends which was the point in me downloading. We had trouble even starting a game by the time the 3rd person tried joining game one of us would have lost it on screen. And when I did get a game going with just one friend, hers froze and mine somehow played a turn and bought a property for me. Go to another app (like texting the friend I was playing) and come back and needs to reconnect for awhile. Please fix and let us save games with friends to play at our own pace.', 'userName': 'KC D', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 19, 0, 14), 'title': 'Hard to play with friends', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Functionally the game works, but the AI leaves a lot to be desired. The AI players will sell any property for the right price. The most I have ever paid for a property was 3x the listed price, and it was to complete a set (I already had one property in every color). This was on the hardest AI setting.\n\nI also noticed that on hard AI settings, the AI players seemed to be luckier than I was with dice rolls, community chest and chance cards. While I did not do the math to see if this was statistically significant, this makes me wonder if the game provides “hard AI” simply by cheating (improving the AI players chances of “random” game events favorable to the AI player when the AI player’s level is higher).', 'userName': 'Feeling defrauded', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 3, 32, 20), 'title': 'AI Exploit', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Okay I love this game and it was well worth the 4 dollars but for some reason you can’t save a multiplayer games when playing with friends Monopoly games usually last a long time and sometimes you can’t play for 2 to 3 hours straight so to make this game even better please make an update that allows you to save a game when playing with friends it would make the Monopoly experience that much better', 'userName': 'SimpleGamer07', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 15, 20, 15), 'title': 'Games Amazing But let me Save !', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I want to start off by saying I enjoy every bit of monopoly and the game is overall fun and exciting. One problem that always seems to grind my gears is that the game freezes nearly 85% of the time. It’s impossible to get a full game in without any glitches or disconnects. I understand you guys have been working on an update and the most recent one did not fix this problem it’s quite the same. Can we get a real update next time with the possibility of running games all the way through that would be much appreciated. Also would be nice if we could get a chat board and free parking included.', 'userName': 'wuwvsv', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 5, 12, 32), 'title': 'Game fails', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This rendition isn’t bad by any means, But is it good? I mean... Not really. Servers are very wonky and every game I’ve played ends up replacing my opponent/opponents with AI due to server disconnects(I know this because the AI will suddenly trade spam the same trades every turn.) \n\nWhen the game is working it’s completely fine in every aspect but that’s the problem, It doesn’t work as intended more often than not. If you want a monopoly game to play against AI with then this one is for you, If you want a monopoly game that lets you play with other players, Well this one might not be for you.', 'userName': 'JLeeSterba', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 14, 18, 39), 'title': 'An Average Rendition Of Monopoly', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I purchased this game since i love monopoly. I am constantly having issues; the game will either randomly disconnect or freeze on another players turn. This needs to be fixed; basically for one reason or another i am never able to finish a game. This happens both on and off wifi. Its become so frustrating i don’t want to play anymore; games are long most of the time and spending all that time not being able to finish is upsetting. Hope you can do something to get this fixed.', 'userName': 'Anii¥', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 1, 2, 45, 21), 'title': 'Constantly freezing while on WiFi', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game has been a lot of fun for my family. At first we thought the AIs were rigged, but we just had a couple of bad games in a row and it hasn’t happened since then. We play this game nearly everyday. Sometimes several times a day. My son bought the whole pass and it’s really nice that we can all see the different game boards when we play as a family. We highly recommend.', 'userName': 'Nikki613579007531345789904212', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 18, 16, 27, 2), 'title': 'Changing my review to 5 stars', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19821344, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-17T06:02:54Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': True}, {'review': 'The people who made this game had to have played the last one, and the last one had many options for fast game play. Instead they made the decision to force users to watch slow, repetitive animations. It could’ve been a blast to play but it is like torture. Whomever consciously chose to not not let us skip ahead has terrible judgement. Just really poor decision making. I’m sure the idea was brought up, and I’m sure they played their own game for many hours while testing it. I’m just so unimpressed with that decision. Is it a money thing somehow, or do you think so little of people that you assume they want to spend most of the game watching pieces hop around. Dumb jerks', 'userName': 'Chip tiles', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 12, 30, 10), 'title': 'Made by dummies', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The dice are NOT random at all. For anyone to spend money on a game that DOES STRATEGY DICE ROLLS, & yes even on multiplayer is annoying. When you play on Multiplayer, the AI is using a different name. Your customers have been complaining about the SAME ISSUE for so long that the responses are rehearsed. We need to talk to the developer or a group of us need to flood emails & whatever else to make them understand as a customer we put money in their pocket. The only thanks we get a mechanical response, you would think they copy & paste. Do better because we don’t have to put money in the developers pocket. I don’t want a email address to “vent”, I want the developer direct attention!!', 'userName': 'Sondra8989', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 27, 3, 41, 30), 'title': 'Let’s Be Honest!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22616209, 'body': 'Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. Feel free to reach out at help@marmalademail.com for a direct channel.', 'modified': '2021-05-04T14:27:30Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': True}, {'review': 'I splurged when I first downloaded this game and bought the season pass, which is 100% worth it. The game has improved when it comes to glitches, but it can still be a little laggy at times. I do feel that if someone decides to quit the game, it should eliminate that player and either randomly dispense their properties to the remaining players or free them up to be bought when landed on.\n\nAdditionally, I am very much hoping for a Christmas-themed board when December comes!', 'userName': 'AmandaN1c0le', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 28, 13, 50, 30), 'title': 'Board Suggestions', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s monopoly. You can have custom games with special rules and stuff. The user interface is a bit weird, (it’s a little hard for my mom to use) but the main problems are online game connectivity and if you tab out for even a second it disconnects you for a turn. Also, paying $4.99 or whatever or a different board look is ridiculous. 99¢ to $2? Sure.\nOther than that, it’s the same game you know and love to hate.', 'userName': 'Premaine', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 0, 33, 53), 'title': 'Decent game, a few problems to fix tho', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This monopoly is a really good game. People think that monopoly is based off of luck. Which it is but not this one. This monopoly tries to find a way to make people go bankrupt or keep them in the game long enough. It’s me and someone else. I land on community chest 2 times. First time was speeding ticket pay $15. 2 time it was doctors fees pay $50. I landed on chance and it made me pay again. Now it didn’t take long with landing on chest and chance. So please fit it to where it actually is luck.', 'userName': 'iwote this', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 30, 19, 17, 34), 'title': 'A little disappointed', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The developers clearly have a “monopoly” licensing this game as there are no other alternatives and they got super lazy.\n\nThere’s no pause button, so if you leave the game, a computer takes over for you. The game should pause and just notify you when it’s your turn. There’s also no chat feature to mix it up with the people you’re playing with.\n\nI was hoping this would be turn into an epic game of monopoly spanning a couple days as some friends and I play while going about our quarantine lives, but I was sadly disappointed.', 'userName': 'Good Advice 4 U', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 18, 18, 19, 9), 'title': 'Disappointing', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I enjoy the single player version of this game and would love to play online multiplayer but it’s a waste of time. If so much as a text comes in, if I accidentally drag slightly up while buying a house on the first row, or if I get a low battery warning, it disconnects me from the game. A note says that I’ll be reconnected at the start of the next turn, but gameplay stops cold and never resumes. Based on angry comments of other players, their game is also ruined. I can’t even access the chat to apologize. After wasting 40 minutes on two games that ended this way, I’m ready to delete this app. Let me know when it’s fixed.', 'userName': 'choppersolo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 24, 20, 8, 11), 'title': 'Bug makes online play maddening', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15554178, 'body': "Hi, we're sorry to hear you've been experiencing issues with our game. We can assure you that our team is already working on addressing these freezing issues that happen in the game. We're tirelessly monitoring our users' feedback in order to address all reported issues, and we won't rest until all issues are resolved. We hope to release a new update to the game very soon, so we hope you can give Monopoly a second chance! Thank you.", 'modified': '2020-05-25T23:03:37Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'We just downloaded Monopoly for $3.99 and I decided to invite friends to download and play. Well, that was a disaster. We all would get an error message “unable to get internet” and then another weird message. Finally, about an hour we were playing. But all of a sudden, one of my friends would be replace with the computer and and then freezing again so therefore we would have to start all over. This classic fun game is turning into a nightmare. Please fix, because we paid money to play a game that’s not working, need updating.', 'userName': 'kekeglo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 15, 2, 4), 'title': 'Freezing', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I just bought this game and every time I start doing well in a game it says “will rejoin at the start of next turn” and then it freezes like that indefinitely. It’s frustrating that everything disconnects you from the game. I can’t check my battery or my notifications without the risk of losing the whole game. Also there is no option to rejoin a game that it kicks you out of. It’s just hours of progress wasted I’ve played about 9 games so far and I’ve successfully finished 2 please fix this!!!', 'userName': 'K1lluhk4m', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 12, 41, 55), 'title': 'The connection problems', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Game is pretty, but there is no way to pause a game or switch to a text or phone call without it disconnecting. Game room should stay active for some amount of time so users can take a break or take a call or send a text without hours of play being wasted. Hours of game play just to be disconnected for switching to a phone call and trying to switch back. This isn’t how online play is supposed to work. Fix the bugs. You’re wasting an opportunity of so many families staying home and looking for distractions during this increased period of social distancing and working from home.', 'userName': 'Jas272', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 21, 45, 1), 'title': 'Developers should fix disconnect issues and allow extended pauses.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'franiLA18', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 23, 19, 34, 32), 'review': 'Great game!!! But hate the zooming in preventing time to see the whole board to strategize your next moves, which is what Monopoly is all about! Also which there was a way to select your color. I need to keep going in and out just to get the green I’m familiar with. And finally, make tokens more noticeable. Hard to discern from the top view. I’ve already written my recommendations months ago, with no changes yet. 😔', 'title': 'Love, but hate the Zoom in', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sekaination253', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 21, 5, 39, 34), 'review': 'I play with my friends a lot and the game constantly freezes. sometimes it freeze so much we can’t even get through one game! We’ve tried creating our own game and joining a online game  at the same time and it just continues to freeze. We’ve tried doing it on WiFi and off of it! The game just has some glitches and bugs that really could be fixed. If that were to happen I would rate 5 starts. Also it would be nice to be able to play with more than 4 people as well as be able to create custom games to play online not just in friends online mode.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13631238, 'body': "We are so sorry to hear that you have had such a bad experience with Monopoly. We completely understand how disappointing this must be for you. Let me assure you that our team is actively listening to our users' feedback and working tirelessly towards fixing all known issues. If you could please bear with us a little longer, we will be releasing updates next week to make the game more stable. ", 'modified': '2020-02-21T16:45:37Z'}, 'title': 'Game freezes a lot.', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LoveAUTigers', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 2, 25, 58), 'review': 'I just landed on go and somehow ended up with only $54 cash. How do I have just $54 while on Go without buying houses or not mortgaging anything? Then I roll again and land on a property available for sale that I can’t buy because it shows I only have $54. Then when I land in someone else and have to pay, then all of a sudden there is my $200. It’s happened on several games. One game I played, after another player went bankrupt, the system never gave me a turn! It literally let having the other person have turn over turn until I finally just had to quit!', 'title': 'It changes up my money!', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jesslm21', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 3, 24, 48), 'review': 'Overall the game is what you would expect. There are however some glitches with the software itself. You cannot leave the screen for whatever reason or you will be disconnected from the game and not able to return. I have also noticed that occasionally the game will freeze, particularly after making a trade deal with the computer player. These issues are very frustrating when you’re in a close game, especially for an app you have to pay for.', 'title': 'Classic game, but with frustrating glitches', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '@Bjlanz', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 4, 22, 46, 24), 'review': 'I love the game and starting up is no problem but the game CONTINUOUSLY freezes, making you lose your progress, turn and even current game. Sincerely frustrating and I wish there was some way to hop back onto the game server to reconnect... but there isn’t.\n\nI’m upset I paid the $3.99 to play Monolpoly. I genuinely thought Hasbro and the developers would have their software together but they don’t. NOT WORTH THE $3.99. You’re a multi-billion dollar company. This is shameful. I will be reaching out to request a refund. P.S. One star for functionality. Second star because the graphics are well done.', 'title': 'Classic game that freezes every time', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '@davidmarinojr', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 18, 47, 23), 'review': 'I want to love this game. The quality of the app is great outside of the fact that it crashes SO OFTEN. If you’re playing with your friends online or random people online I feel like it is more likely that you will crash than you won’t. I am only leaving this review because twice in a row me and my friend just got “disconnected”  halfway into a game where it’s just us two and two AI players. This game either needs to fix stability or give you an option to reconnect after getting disconnected rather than just forcing you to start over. It’s frustrating to start a monopoly game over', 'title': 'Crashes too much', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fabiofa87', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 1, 17, 50), 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game about a month. I’ve always been a monopoly fan and found this one with good ratings and I tried. I like to play online and I’m very tired of starting a game wasting 30 minutes to suddenly the game stop and NOTHING happens. I’ve seen ppl complaining about this for a while and nothing happen. I realize the game store is working perfectly selling the game pass. Why would I pay for a game pass to play a game that cannot even be stable? Doesn’t make any sense to me. This is the first review that I wrote to some game/company because I like the game and really hope it gets better. \n\nThanks', 'title': 'Very frustrated', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CoffeeBIack', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 12, 6, 28), 'review': 'I love playing this game even with the occasional glitch where the game play freezes but the music still plays and the menu buttons work but other than that the game ceases to progress. I’ve only noticed it twice on my iPad mini 5. \n\nSUGGESTION: Give an option to skip animations in the quick play mode. I like the animations in regular play but in quick play when you have less than 30 skipping animations and moving to the next spot instantly would be a huge time saver.', 'title': 'I’m addicted', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sheldon Bridges', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 2, 52, 12), 'review': 'I love the game so far but the connection tends to go out when I text in the mist of a game with a friend. I also just had an issue where the game got stuck on the AI with my friend.\n\nI suggest adding a chat session for playing with friends and the online environment in order to communicate and this game would be perfect! Also allow me to add my friend to an online multi player game too! Fix these issues and I will make 5 stars.\n\nUPDATE: im rating this a 1. It crashes too much in the middle of games online and friend mode. I cant text because the connection always gets lost when I do! I have yet to finish a game. I PAID for this game and should not have to deal with all these issues!!', 'title': 'Its Okay', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DHS Diabolic', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 6, 23, 13, 29), 'review': 'I was in the middle of an intense game where I had every other property with the exception of Boardwalk and Park Place as the last 2 remaining. I had $300-$500 and the bot had $7k+ and 2 hotels on Boardwalk and Park Place. I had just rolled and the game crashed and refuses to open. I have restarted my phone as well as turned it off, waited a few minutes, then turned it back on with no success. I hope it is still saved on the game :/', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15159642, 'body': 'Hello, it has come to our attention that one of the third-party services that we use experienced a temporary outage yesterday that affected a great number of apps on iOS and caused them to immediately crash on start-up. Monopoly was temporarily affected but should now be back to normal. Please try playing again and don’t forget to leave us your feedback! We worked very hard to make Monopoly and sincerely hope that you enjoy it.\r\n\r\nShould you still be experiencing problems, get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n\r\nWe’re sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. \r\n', 'modified': '2020-05-07T10:26:49Z'}, 'title': 'Can’t open game', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'M.G. ', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 21, 10, 45, 47), 'review': 'The advantage goes to the AI. First, if AI lands in jail, pays $50 and rolls the dice to move - if the roll is a double, the AI will be allowed to roll again. This is not permitted for the human player. Second, when playing consecutive games it is clear that there is an algorithm at work. The AI will land on the same pattern of spaces and receive a pattern of double rolls. In some patterns all players may get stuck in a loop that sends each to jail so frequently it’s not worth playing. I always play using the custom games option to play a shorter game. So other playing options may not exhibit the same bugs. Very disappointing.', 'title': 'Too many bugs', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cady Venezia', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 4, 48), 'review': 'Has anyone actually gotten through an actual online multiplayer game? I’ve tried 10+ times and almost every single one has frozen mid game. If it doesn’t freeze, i apparently get a trade offer from another player and without even seeing it on the screen i get a notification that says  i accepted the offer and it’s a detrimental one for me. It’s actual garbage. I’m better off playing this game in real life with toddlers.', 'title': 'Terrible', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Singinq', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 3, 38, 21), 'review': 'I have recently downloaded this iconic game that I love to play with my friends and family. The game is fantastic and resembles the real life board game very well. However, almost every time I play either me or a fellow player receives a frozen screen in which they cannot connect back into game. Unfortunately, I cannot rate this app 5 stars if I simply am not able to play the whole game without it crashing. In addition to this, I had to pay a pretty good amount of money for this game. With that being said, I expected better treatment. I hope this is resolved soon or a dedicated player will be lost.', 'title': 'Connection', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ArjunBh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 14, 1, 54), 'review': 'Monopoly takes time, and if we have a player who doesn’t have sportsman spirit then it messes up the entire game for everyone wasting all the time spent.\n Let me explain, I have encountered players who when need to pay a big rent and need to mortgage, he just stays on a screen that doesn’t have a timer and no one can play. The timer should be on every screen may be longer on mortgage/trade cards screen like 2 mins, but it should be there after which AI should take over the action. This simple fix will make the game more enjoyable and fair for everyone..', 'title': 'Need stricter timeout rules for online multiplayers', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'OPJJ', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 22, 27, 20), 'review': 'Game is fun. But even going to home screen or command center can cut the game off. Online multiplayer is clearly for 6 players as you can see the space below the 4th players name but no way to add 5th or 6th player. I’d pay a fee to allow the two extra spots. \n\nServers don’t seem to be up to the challenge of the number of users buying this game. Love that it’s a single purchase but seriously setup your sever cluster for auto scaling as more or less players are online team. \n\nWe are locked down at home so this is the only way to spend time with grandparents who are also locked down. But please let it run in background. Maybe allow side by side in app?', 'title': 'Great idea. Half developed.', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Thatoneguy17436', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 11, 23, 20, 20), 'review': 'When playing a pvp game you cannot tell who is a computer and who isn’t. When human players drop, I assume they are filled with computer players. This needs to be clearer. \n\nWhen computer players are proposing trades, they do this repeatedly until you are forced to deny all trades. When it comes back to them they repeat this behavior until the game state changes in a way that they attention is changed.', 'title': 'Changing how the computer interacts with human players would increase clarity and decrease game time', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ljay2020', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 31, 6, 42, 24), 'review': 'This game would be so fun and enjoyable if there was less issues with the game. It seems like every update they forget to fix the issues at hand. The first issue is that if someone quits the game just shuts down, second if you exit the app on a accident and rejoin the game it breaks the entire game yet again, third I was playing with a friend in the same game online and the moves wasn’t matching up it was like we were in 2 different games. It would also be nice if you can play with other online people but with custom rules.', 'title': 'Please fix the game!!!', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CPGYang', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 9, 47, 27), 'review': 'This game is good when it works. If you plan on just doing AI then it’s a good game The biggest downside so far is that when playing multiplayer, there can be random disconnects an hour long into the game. I was patient at first but after this happened again and again, it got sort of annoying. Investing over an hour into a game just to have it disconnect is frustrating to say the least. Some other cons are that the game tends to become slow during auctions. The networking layer of the game definitely needs some more tweaking and work for this game to survive.', 'title': 'Good game but unreliable connection for multiplayer', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'tonedea5', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 22, 1, 22, 39), 'review': 'The game is fun and easy to play but it crashes too often. (Stalls and cannot continue with gameplay) I’m not sure what happens when a player leaves the game but I suspect that’s one of the reasons. \n\nAlso I thought it was just me but after reading some reviews. Other players have accepted trade that they did not want to accept. For example, there was a pesky player who kept bugging me to trade and I reject every time but I looked away fro just a second because I have receive an email on my computer and mind you that I looked back down since I was mid game. And saw that I had accepted the trade AUTOMATICALLY. \n\nI’m disappointed that I paid money for this app for it not to work most of the time. Though I do like the gameplay(when it’s working) I can’t recommend anyone buying this until this issues have been fixed. \n\nPlease fix this issue.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12507432, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-20T11:07:18Z'}, 'title': 'Crashes way too often to truly enjoy. also randomly accepts trades when you didn’t want to', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dorgi06', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 8, 42, 8), 'review': 'Bought this game to play with my fiancé who is always traveling for work. It’s our favorite game to play together and we were ecstatic to see it finally\ncome back to the App Store and that we’d be able to play online. HOWEVER, after spending, what I think is quite a bit of money for an app, $4 to have the game freeze and kick me every single time we play together. It’s getting very frustrating! We will be mid game and the game will stop working and I will be kicked and my fiancé will tell me that it says I disconnected. So frustrating I wasted time any money on this. Thanks for letting the return of a great game be absolutely horrible.', 'title': 'Waste of Money. Too Many Bugs. Always Freezes.', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 6, 44, 57), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Amazing', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is great! There are a few bugs but it just got released. The one thing I will note is that every-now and then the dice will glitch and look like it’s my turn to play but you can’t roll them or anything unless you click on something else. That probably didn’t make any sense. But another one is that the info for cards will pop up even though I never touched them or the screen. But I love this game. It’s amazing!', 'userName': 'ITS BROKE'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 21, 11, 31), 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20700863, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving our MONOPOLY APP despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak MONOPOLY's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone.  help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:08:38Z'}, 'title': 'Changes made in game have exceed my spectations', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is the funniest game I’ve played since childhood. It still needs some improvements, but I think developers have made major changes and a great effort to make the playing experience more engaging. However, the game needs some minor adjustments such as adding the prior version’s shake to roll, and create your own rules! Above all the game is fun to play and reminds of childhood play. You’ll love it!', 'userName': 'garibaldidcd94'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 17, 6, 41), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'One of my favorite board games.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s Monopoly on the go, what else needs to be said? Honestly though when it comes to playing with four players online the experience isn’t that great because there’s always that one player playing on a potato and taking forever to roll the dice. I’ll recommend playing with friends or if you choose to play online go against one or two other players.', 'userName': 'unmotivatedkill'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 18, 5, 52, 51), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Do I need to pay into the game to be able to win?', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Seems like I either can’t land on unowned property throughout the entire game, or I buy the entire board except one color set. When I play the computer he can have one color set and I’ll own the rest and he’ll never land on any of mine but I always land on his. Either that or it’s impossible to land on an unopened property. When I play other people I always roll 4 first and I always go last. The last game I played I went 5 turns without being able to purchase a property and another player had bought 8 and already had 3 hotels. Do I have to pay to better my odds or is it just always this bad?', 'userName': 'dudnehdbduehn'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 9, 21, 50, 56), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Why can’t you pause a game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Me and my friends have enjoyed playing this version of monopoly, but the play online with friends game is missing a very important feature. Monopoly is fun but it takes time, the game needs a pause game feature for multiplayer with friends so we can stop playing after an hour or two but come back and resume later in the day, instead of you take a break from the game you have to completely restart and it makes it difficult to actually complete a full game.', 'userName': 'Designdream101'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 18, 0, 24, 13), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Save your money', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I expect to sometimes lose at games.  However the single player option on this game playing against the computer has to be the most ridiculous bit of shoddy programming I’ve ever encountered. Most games I play end up with about 85% of the time me hitting taxes going around the board and meanwhile there’s always one player who every round lands on go and free parking (which I have on the option for these to pay). So what you end up with is one player with under $100 and no way to ever advance and another (at least one) with $10k. If this happened on occasion, whatever. But it’s every single game. Don’t even bother. It’s not worth it.', 'userName': 'Picadilly Pie'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 1, 6, 46, 7), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Needs improvement', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love playing this game when it works. First of all I have a strong belief that there are bots even in multiplayer, on top of that when there aren’t bots there are players that know how to make the game crash or freeze when it’s not going their way. It’s extremely frustrating especially when nearing the end of the game. There needs to be a time limit for each player as a fail safe. There should also be a game chat. I know there are pre scripted responses to keep things PG but I’m sure you can figure it out.', 'userName': '_itsmartin'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 15, 5, 24), 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Frequent crashing', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is very fun and is much like playing the real board game. The graphics are good, however, when a player is disconnected the app often times replaces them with an AI character which is a good idea, but the AI character never moves the game on. Therefore, the game is forced to end and we cannot continue because the person cannot end their turn and the AI doesn’t either so the game is stuck. This happens every time we play online with friends and we haven’t finished a game in weeks because of it. This is very frustrating especially for a game you pay for.', 'userName': 'Kcirym nosaj'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 12, 21, 41, 48), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'How do I get a refund for this terrible app?', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The online multiplayer is broken. Aside from the incredibly buggy experience, the game allows any player to ruin the game for everyone. Players should not be able to able to make trades that make no sense. There are people who don’t understand basic arithmetic playing this game as well as people who enjoy ruining the game by making unfair trades before quitting. There’s also an issue with the dice rolling. The rolls are not entirely random, which pretty much also ruins the game by itself— does it make sense to roll three doubles in a row multiple times in the game. \n\nTerrible experience and I don’t recommend giving it a chance.', 'userName': 'Joe Coff'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 5, 5, 40, 38), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'A lot of fun...except', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "This is a great game to play in your free time. It is time consuming just like the original game.\nA great way to play with your friends or online during quarantine. However, there are some things that need to be fixed asap before people start losing their patience and stop playing all together.\n1. There needs to be a strict time limit for people to make their moves. If they dont roll the dice or make their move in time, their turn should be taken away!! People take wayy too long! 🤯\n\n2. There should be a limit to people making trades. If someone doesn't hit ‘Reject all offers’ a player can go on for a long time while people wait.\n\n3. There should be a limit to how many trades someone is allowed. I was in a game where a dips%hi# as$h0%€ kept making several trade offers on every turn. Its super annoying.\n\nOther than that, its a great game and pass time.\n\nThank you", 'userName': 'harrisiqbal84'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 17, 9, 43), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great Game but need Enhancements', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Hello... Thanks for making this game available on iOS.  Love MONOPOLY. Great family game to play during #StayHome #StaySafe. \n\nA few updates are needed. \n*It appears there are only a few Chance and Community Chest cards available.  The same ones continue to be put in play.  \n*There are Way too many doubles rolled during one given game.  \n*Whenever a player switch between apps, while playing the game, the game doesn’t allow them to play until their next turn.  That’s ok however, if the player doesn’t end their turn beforehand ..all players are left waiting. The player is not allowed to finish their turn.  This results in ending the game and starting over. \n\nIt would be nice if the host (player that started the game) could end a turn for any player that couldn’t. \n\nHappy Easter \n\n#StaySafe \n\nThank you.', 'userName': 'Apple fan 24681012'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 0, 17, 29), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Update Broke Game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Game was working great until I updated today.  The biggest problem is the UI covers the board so it is impossible to buy houses on the purple properties, you literally cannot click them. It also seems like the board got smaller too or something.  I'm playing on an iPad.\n\nThis is why I hate updating apps unless I need to.  Not a fan of being forced to update to a new version that is broken.\n\nUI is now fixed, still can't play online though since the update.", 'userName': 'Guniprowler'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 13, 1, 35), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'The worst AI ever.  Also the game is broken', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game has the worst AI ever when playing in single player mode. The AI players constantly make trades that no real person would ever make. Like trading Park Place to a player that had Boardwalk for a railroad or something similar. That’s insane and the game is essentially over at that point. This happens all the time in this game. Nobody would trade a railroad to complete a suit for another player, especially that suit.  It’s ridiculous.\n\nAlso, you cannot buy houses or un-mortgage any properties on the left side of the board because of the quite obviously untested user interface. Useless. Very poorly written app. It should not even be in the App Store.', 'userName': 'JDS80134'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 23, 45, 16), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Terrible game!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I use to love Monopoly but now since the last few updates you can’t even play with friends and family. Every time we play over multiplayer the game freezes or lags out. I am so upset. You play for two hours and all of a sudden one of the players is replaced by an AI. You can’t receive calls or texts while playing multiplayer or you will forfeit the game. You can’t even communicate with other players while playing which takes a lot of fun out of the game of monopoly. They rushed this game and have way to many  to charge 3.99. I’m sure if it was a subscription based game with more in-game purchase options it would work.', 'userName': 'Stinkah buddy'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 23, 3, 58, 16), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Too much focus on graphics', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My biggest gripe with this app is the inability to speed up or skip the elaborate animations, particular with AI vs. AI trade deals. \n\nAside from this, the AI does not properly value cards that lead to a monopoly, and if a game is ever lost, it is due to a ridiculously lopsided trade deal going down between computer players. \n\nFinally, I’ve noticed AI players going ‘bankrupt’ without being given the option to sell and mortgage at least half their properties. Once, my opponent had hotels on 5 properties and went bankrupt after owing <100 for landing on a tax space. Is this right?', 'userName': 'JonB Geo'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 9, 10, 48), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'The game is great except....', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I excited to play this game after I bought it. It has some great features to the game. I like everything about it except some of the following:\n1. Maybe add a chat for people who are trying to trade to make things go a little smoother? \nThis next reason is the reason I’m even writing a review. \n2. I sat in a game for almost 5 minutes waiting for one of the players to hit the “end turn” button. There is no timer on this game for it to automatically kick in and automatically move it to the next persons turn. It just sits there waiting for the button to be pressed. It also doesn’t tell you if someone left the game or not so you’re just stuck there waiting for the person to hit the button and it’s never pushed so you have to exit the current game and start a new one. \n\nSo annoying.', 'userName': 'Kasie Brown'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 19, 5, 13), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good Game but needs to display other packs more clearly', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game and it ties in with the real monopoly game I have at home. This was definitely worth the purchase. I wish it displayed the different packs better on how the board looks like before I purchase them so I can get a better idea. The pictures of the other packs are cropped and cannot be seen properly, hence, I struggle to evaluate whether it’s worth the buy or not. Please fix this issue and I shall change my rating to 5 stars. Thanks.', 'userName': 'Forever.abeyond'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 13, 1, 9, 16), 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Really wanted to like this BUT', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have always loved Monopoly. It’s easily my favorite board game. So when I saw this app, I was delighted. That is, until I started playing it. It has numerous glitches, which I brought to the attention of the developer but nothing has been done to fix it. The algorithm for gameplay with AI players is NOT random. It’s most definitely skewed in favor of the AI players, as is mentioned several times in other reviews. I even purchased additional boards and themes, but it’s doubtful that I will even continue to play it. Please fix these issues so the game actually works as it should.', 'userName': 'EcoKim'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 16, 20, 20, 8), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'great game few adjustments', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "So I want to start out by saying I get the same feel playing this game as I do playing face to face and with the quarantine this has been great playing with my friends.\n\nWhat I would like to see is a chat added to the I'm game overlay. when i can't communicate to people it makes it harder to complete trades unless it favors them more than it favors me. or it is deception where I want to complete 2 trades. talking to them while I'm doing a trade would help that tremendously.\nAnother thing is when leaving the game there should be a way to rejoin your game. For instance if your phone died or you get a call you shouldn't be permanently kicked from the game, you should be given the chance to rejoin the game.\n\nthose are my complaints one big positive is the ai is amazing like they are great don't change anything about the ai", 'userName': 'vcam2307'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 0, 57), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Game is fun but please fix some things!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Game is very fun and brings back old memories however there’s some urgent fixes needed when playing online with friends.\n\n- you cannot leave the app without being disconnected from the game. : please implement an offline mode between friends to prevent this. Checking a message should not boot you from the game. (Sometimes you cannot get back in)\n\n-of the 5 games i have played so far ( all online with friends). We were only able to finish 1 game. The other 4 froze randomly down the stretch. :offline mode again would resolve this. (No need to switch to AI if it’s friends playing together) \n\n- in game chat would be helpful but not necessary.\n\n- ability to trade and give your chance to prevent bankruptcy instead of being automatically considered bankrupt if you do not have a chance with your assets in hand to pay a debt.', 'userName': 'Goonutu'}, {'userName': 'harry p0ttah', 'title': 'Awesome game, but it’d be better if you added..', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22302688, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-04-18T08:36:40Z'}, 'review': 'Hello I wanted to say this is a great game, so fun to play and super intriguing, I would also like to add that it makes the game unlikeable and makes me not want to play just thinking about how it’s unfair to have the order of real players first and then the Ai’s next no matter if you add the Ai first and then your friend joins the game it automatically shifts the player next to the other player and the Ai’s next to each other. I hope this is understandable, (I left another review similar to this one) \nIt’d be much more fair to have us arranged in this order \nPlayer \nAi \nPlayer\nAi\nplease take this review into consideration, I love this game I play it with my significant other all the time we always bump heads on this tho and makes us not want to play.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 21, 38, 58), 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'hermanadad', 'title': 'The old version was way better', 'review': 'You would think they would have at least looked at the old app and seen some of the options they had and incorporated them. Things such as free parking money. Start with 3-4 houses per player, etc as options but no. \n\nMore frustrating is the multi-player version. You can never finish a game because it constantly freezes up and people’s connections are easily lost and never re-establishes. Then the game freezes up. You can’t say it’s the other users connections because there are plenty of multiplayer games where this doesn’t happen. Or at least the player is booted and the game goes on.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 11, 16, 45, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Zexal125', 'title': 'Help-', 'review': 'There’s so much nostalgia whenever I see this game and getting the chance to play it on my phone with people from all across the world is fascinating... but there’s several glitches in the game such as in multiplayer people tend to leave for a certain amount of time without penalty which is very frustrating to even have a proper match not to mention the game freezes at times in which we have to restart the game all over again making us waste our time trying to finish just a round... besides that it’s a fantastic game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 7, 13, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Lyonand', 'title': 'Just like remember', 'review': 'We all grew up playing this game and I have to say this one is just like the original. I’m not understanding the pricing for different cities though but overall it’s a great fun addicting game while in quarantine. Another interesting thing is I enjoy playing against the AI’s better than with the humans lol. Well if your reading this you will enjoy this game especially for the price you pay to play. It’s great enjoy your gaming 🐼', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 8, 56, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'OAkritas', 'title': 'Great game and platform', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22632463, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! Please know that I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-05-05T12:27:30Z'}, 'review': 'For 5 stars:\n-Let the human players watch the rest of the game even after going bankrupt against computer players. \n-At least provide the stats at the end of the game even when you lose against computer players.\n-Provide a fast-forward option through all computer players- just make it void any deals computer players offer human players. A tap to fast forward through individual computer turns would work too.\n-This game is an electronic version of the board game, and does a good job of that. It’s also a disappointing missed opportunity for you to reinvent the game. You should create mini-missions for the card spaces. Think casinos, horse racing, price is right etc. something where some skill could help save a player that otherwise might be lost. \n\nThanks for the fun!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 4, 0, 25, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'CJ Sherry', 'title': 'The absolute worst monopoly experience in my life', 'review': 'First off don’t play online. You got people throwing fits when they lose when they are about to go bankrupt and before they do they sell all there properties to the other player for $1 so you won’t get there properties when you take all there money. Another thing is the predictable outcomes. It’s so easy to predict what’s going to happen. Have a color set with 3 hotels on them? Except then to land on chance or community chest or pass it almost every time. There’s times we’re i went bankrupt when i had hotels because they passed it 15 times in a row with there “luck”. Wouldn’t recommend to anyone.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 20, 6, 56, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'ChrisGPeter0', 'title': 'Too much favoritism', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17106497, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-05T21:46:42Z'}, 'review': "Pretty much every online game I’ve played so far there 2 distinct players that lose, 1 that has potential and the definite winner. I don't know programming but it almost always seem that the definite winner player is “lucky” by passing others and getting easy cash grabs from the chest and chance cards. The dice in this game doesn’t seem fair play. The winner pays far less rent to other players and that makes it easy to tell who the winner is well before the game ends. It reduces the overall competition of the game making it dull and frustrating for the guy paying for everyone else.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 17, 22, 13, 47), 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'Aziz Suli', 'title': 'The game is fun but it needs a lot of improvement', 'review': 'The game is fun and just feels like the classic. However there should some kind of track record system or something. I want to be rewarded after I win in two hours game. Something like point or xp or anything. The other thing please just make the game completely random! It’s obvious that sometimes the same chance cards appear more than once in a short period of time. The other thing is the roll dice which also isn’t random at all and needs to be completely random to provide the real feeling of a classic game. One more thing, there should be a timer for each player role.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 22, 48, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Syammmmm', 'title': 'Game freezes', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15740843, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are still having some freezing problems. We are aware of this, and I can assure you that we are working tirelessly to have this fixed as soon as possible. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested-for features so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in Monopoly!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-06-03T05:24:05Z'}, 'review': 'Constantly find the game freezing, the recent update added a time limit to players turns but it still freezes randomly. Absolutely such a waste of time when you spent 20mins playing only for it to freeze for no absolute reason half way through the game. I think to fix this issue, if a player stops responding and doesn’t complete their turn in 60 seconds or initiate a trade their turn automatically ends and it goes to the next person.\n\nA working chat function where you are able to type would also be substantial in increasing gameplay.\n\nIs anything going to be done to remedy this?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 1, 18, 39, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'StefanSeanSingh', 'title': 'Lots of fun but missing 2 things', 'review': 'I strongly advocate for a chat feature in the online mode and for the game to track players win/loss record.\n\nUPDATE: Thanks for adding a comment feature. The more I have played they more I see a major problem with the online game getting stuck. The game is not frozen completely as I still see the animations of the blimp and cars moving but it gets stuck on one player for a very long time. And I constantly have to quit and restart with no way of rejoins my previous game. Very annoying.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 4, 34, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'AylaSHK', 'title': 'Wait times take forever sometimes', 'review': 'Monopoly is a fun game, no doubt.  I’ll just make this quick.  My only issue with this is when a player takes soooooo long to decide on what to do that leaves all the players hanging.  Others, I believe, would deliberately not make a move to stall everyone especially at times when they feel they will not win the game.  \n\nRecommendation:  Set a timer for players to take action on ALL parts of the game: rolling dice, trading, building houses/hotels and mortgaging.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 23, 20, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'applej1415', 'title': 'Glitches', 'review': "If you disconnect for anything and it's your turn it won't let you finish the game. The screen dimes and says you have to wait and rejoin at your next turn. If you dint end your tune before this your game will be stuck and very much over with. This happened during 5 different games weather a text came through or a notification that my battery was low my screen would go dime and sa reconnecting and would not let me finish the game. This become extremely frustrating especially when you own park place, bored walk and all green, red and yellow properties. Your game freezes and you have to quit it. Big thumbs down from me", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 3, 24, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Hfhjbhcfjtrgaj', 'title': 'Thumbs down', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12343393, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-11T16:51:22Z'}, 'review': 'The game is actually lit, but I’m giving a 2 start because I’ve been playing online for about the last two hours with my boyfriend. We have yet to finish a single game due to the fact that it keeps disconnecting once we get about 20 minutes into the game. We are both connected to really good wifi, so we are not sure what the problem is. It’s very annoying seeing that we both paid the $3.99 for it. I really do hope this problem is fixed soon. I will say if you are looking to play online friends don’t buy because you will not get to finish the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 22, 10, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'Carlxz', 'title': 'Not like the old version', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12321757, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are all very good suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T16:09:35Z'}, 'review': 'I used to play the old version a lot (and I really mean a lot). This city does not have any interaction with the game itself. I loved the animation of the pieces in the old version. The game does not have enough rules to change. I also miss the option to move AI pieces faster across the boad to accelerate the game when needed. The game does not feel ramdom. You get the feeling that the pieces work together against you. AI pieces fall in better places to often in contrast with real players. If you have houses and hotels all over the place the AI is most likely not to fall on those locations. I wish there were in app purchases to change the way the game is played.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 8, 14, 40, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'CrownForAKing', 'title': 'Great game with updates needed', 'review': 'Love monopoly and a true fan will not be disappointed. However, a few key updates would make this 5 star.\n1. Incentive to log in daily. Give us something....maybe a slow reward to get a one of a kind piece. Anything!\n2. Player history. How many wins? Averages. I want to see how good or bad I am.\n3. More monopoly piece options. Dice, money, chat sayings....give us more! Make us pay but give us a little something so we can play to win some of this stuff.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 13, 20, 41, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'DebbieGallagher', 'title': 'Great game, just too easy', 'review': 'This is a great game with no bugs, and it’s worth the small fee. \n\nI don’t play online; only the computer because I like playing games on my own time (putting my phone down, playing while watching TV, etc). The main issue is the computer is too easy. I don’t know if I’m simply missing something or what, but even on “Hard” mode, I always beat the game. The computer always makes trades that are ridiculously in my favor. \n\nSimply put - there should be an “Advanced” mode that’s beyond hard.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 26, 0, 20, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'ShelbeyW1004', 'title': 'Unpredictable', 'review': 'Sometimes we are able to use the app with no problems and enjoy our purchase! Other times the app randomly says “reconnecting” without us navigating away from the app except it never reconnects. Other times it randomly freezes on someone’s turn and no matter what we cannot get the game to move on so we are forced to restart. This application needs an in app chat option especially when playing with friends considering If you navigate away from the game or someone calls you mid game you have to restart because the game will not reconnect.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 28, 5, 34, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'baconisdeliciousssss', 'title': 'WE NEED A CHAT BOX!', 'review': 'A lot of the fun of monopoly is taken away because there’s no way to communicate with the people you’re playing with. There really needs to be a chat box of some sort. You should also be able to leave the app for 1 second without the game having to load for a while again. I’m also disappointed that there’s no type of personal stats to see how many games you’ve won, etc. I feel like a lot of things could’ve been considered in making this app 10x more fun especially since it wasn’t free. Overall the gameplay/game board is pretty decent.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 5, 17, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'LizzieJane77', 'title': 'Great game!', 'review': 'I’m totally addicted. My only issues are that the print is hard to see for the other players and you can’t see actions you may have missed. Otherwise, solid game. I wish they offered Mega Monopoly too and made it possible to earn new boards versus paying $30+ to get just some new tokens and boards that you can’t preview. I’m sure the Devs will get there rather I hope they do. It’s just so much fun and hard to win which is great. Makes me keep trying to do Better!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 12, 23, 38, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Jae Carter', 'title': 'Glitches', 'review': 'Too many glitches, game freezes and everyone is stuck waiting on someone else when each player should have a certain time frame to proceed the game it’s already a long game so to wait on another player rather it’s an interruption from a phone call or text or the lose service and everyone else is just stuck waiting is absurd. Either when that happens we should be able to boot them out to continue the game or boot them out automatically. I love the game but I had to rate 1 star due to the high demand of freezes and not being able to complete the game due to other players especially online games.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 12, 17, 51, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 4, 6, 17, 27), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The game is so much faster when payments are made automatically. Though I suspect the rolls are not totally random and the Chance and Community Chest cards seem a little off as well. If someone accidentally drops out they cannot rejoin which is a problem. I really wish you could save the game. I love the music and sound effects! Overall a great app but could use improvement.', 'title': 'Monopoly is Even Better!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Monoply Fan 4ever'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 4, 26, 14), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Game constantly freezes when playing online, can never get even close to a full game. Creating your own game and giving your friends codes to work is not working, says there is no session or can’t join. If a player leaves you would not know until the bot starts spamming the same deal to you every turn. Also, if I’m paying for this game why do I have to pay even more for more pieces or a even a new board? The game is fun if it works but it really doesn’t right now, I’ll try it after a new update but until then it’s 2 stars only because it has potential', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12490154, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T13:56:22Z'}, 'title': 'Broken', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Knakis'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 0, 9, 24), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I was excited for this to finally come out. At first it was ok, room for development but not badly disappointing. However, after a few days it’s become impossible to play with out it freezing. Group play or single, it’s going to freeze. \nI also noticed the game seemed to pick an AI to favor but didn’t fully believe that until I saw other comments about that. \nHoping for an update but won’t hold my breath. \nShould’ve bought the hard board game instead of us both speeding $5 on this. So, if you’re on the fence about buying the app save your money for now.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299383, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T18:02:24Z'}, 'title': 'Pre-ordered.... disappointment', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Get your study on'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 5, 37, 57), 'rating': 1, 'review': "Why can’t Hasbro make a decent Monopoly game??? I was hoping this one would be the ideal, user friendly version we all wanted...\nBut nope. \nThe options/settings are pitiful!\nI have had glitched games. \nAnd seeing as how it’s not “free” to download- it’s still FULL of “pay to play” added “features”! \nHey Hasbro. \nNone of us want to spend $29 to get a bunch of random themed boards or tokens! \nWe want FAST gameplay options- like instant dice roles, un-animated “walking”, quick responsive EVERYTHING, and LOTS OF GAMEPLAY OPTIONS! \nWhy hasn't anyone at Hasbro figures these (seemingly common sense) things out??? \nI have been playing Monopoly games for decades now; and played every “virtual” version possible-  \nThis game has so much potential to be a “time killer”....if it wasn’t such a waste of time...\nAnd a waste of money. \nAfter sooo many disappointing ports of this “classic” board game...I’m convinced there’s no hope to ever see Hasbro EVER get it right...\nIf they couldn’t do it on this “smart phone” platform...then I’m convinced they never will...", 'title': 'Smh', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cougar Shrubs'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 19, 9, 39, 17), 'rating': 4, 'review': "The good: The game implementation is pretty straightforward. If you enjoy the actual board game, you will like the app. I like the additional board themes and pieces. Multiplayer mode is long awaited feature. I am glad it's in here. Very cool to play with actual humans, instead of predictable AI.\nThe suggestions: \n1. Add some sort of achievements and leaderboards. I am pretty good at this game and would like to see how I stack up with other players.\n2. When another human player quits the game and is replaced with AI, I would like to be notified about it.\n3. Add an option to connect via Facebook, and play with and invite FB friends.\n4. Implement ranking system, so you are matched with similar ranked players.\n\nOverall I am very happy with the game. I hope with above mentioned improvements I can enjoy this game longer.", 'title': 'Great game with room to improvement.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MagnaiG'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 10, 22, 59, 50), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I bought this game a few weeks ago and have been playing a round roughly every day or so. While it is entertaining I’ve had some problems such as almost every game I play for the first few times around the board I can never pass go and earn money as I keep landing on “go to jail”, when I do pass go I will immediately land on income tax which takes the money I earned. Overall the game is quite fun but it almost feels like it’s rigged against “you” at times, I doubt the dice are completely random. I know that the game is based on luck but I’m not this unlucky.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16575262, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-07-13T02:50:42Z'}, 'title': 'Can be fun but seems rigged', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NickK2000'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 13, 48, 15), 'rating': 5, 'review': '*UPDATE - after this review, I received prompt feedback and they seem to have fixed the issue for the most part! This game is totally worth the cost now and is a ton of fun to play!\n\nWhen you play online munltiplayer it freezes and you basically lose the entire game. Restarting the app doesn’t reset it and make it possible to pick back up where you started. Otherwise it is awesome.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494295, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:17:53Z'}, 'title': 'Issues', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Sweetness556891'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 25, 2, 11, 38), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'If you can sit in front of your iPhone/iPad continuously for as long as it takes to play one game with friends, it’s fine. However, if you want to play “Online with a friend” for a while then pause the game and come back later, you’re out of luck. You must completely quit the game and lose everything. \nIt would be awesome if you could suspend games with friends, or play out-of-sync so that you aren’t stuck in front of your device for hours without a choice.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15554079, 'body': "Hello, thank you for your review! We really appreciate you taking the time to share your suggestions with us. I'm happy to let you know that our team is already working on a feature that will allow players to pause the game and continue playing at a later date. This feature will be available very soon! If you have any more suggestions or even concerns that you would like to share, please don't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com. Thanks! ", 'modified': '2020-05-25T22:43:35Z'}, 'title': 'No saving, disconnects if you switch apps', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Btt2403'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 20, 31, 48), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Please add a feature so that players can pay other players for properties. I want that feature because any time that I would play the board game I’d try to buy properties that i wanted from other people. It just makes sense to me to also have to feature and the game would be very much more fun.  Everything else on the game is great. This is the only thing that I wish was in the game. It is very fun and i got hooked on it the first round that i played.', 'title': 'Paying for properties', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Hey why D'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 7, 47, 17), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game itself is really amazing, the only issues I have with the app are with the glitching. During chance/Community chest draw the game some times glitches and never loads, we even let it wait 20 minutes with no luck. Low battery warning popped up on my screen and it disconnected me from our game and let an AI take over, the disconnecting and rejoining game is way to sensitive. We have yet to be able to finish a game, however playing with AI’s I’ve been able to finish several games and it was really good!', 'title': 'Work in Progress', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '16dcrandall'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 3, 43, 50), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I love monopoly and I love playing the mobile game and the board game. I put a preorder on November 28th, 2019. Excited to play it, I couldn’t wait. I’ve been playing the game ever since on a daily basis. The one thing that really pushes my button is that I have more unfinished games than finished games. I try to play 5 games back to back and out of the 5 games 4 will crash or someone might’ve exited the game on accident. I just wasted 30-45mins playing and boom i can’t even finish it. I love the game to death but that is so annoying🤦🏽\u200d♂️', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12322859, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T17:32:11Z'}, 'title': 'Read before buying', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Steven Martienz'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 26, 19, 13, 39), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'My only complaint is that the RNG ( Random Number Generated) does not work. For instance if I’m playing against the computer it seems like changing the difficulty will adjust the dice outcome. I play on hard and it seems like the computer gets doubles, lands on all the properties, and passes go before I can even attempt to buy a property. The game Monopoly is great, but this version I would not recommend. It’s faulty and makes the gameplay infuriating when trying to play for fun! Honestly playing online is the only worthwhile thing for this app. I downloaded this to keep myself entertained while I was deployed and I must say it was a waste of 3.99$.', 'title': 'Ok but could be better!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Moses.R'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 3, 7, 23), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The best part of this game is being able to play online with friends but the game constantly freezes or if someone’s phone dies or they leave to check a messages they sometimes can’t come back in or the game freezes and no one can keep playing. There should be a 60 second cutoff that allows a bot to take over for the player.', 'title': 'Can be 5 stars if kinks worked out', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AL Valera'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 2, 10, 9), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I love Monopoly, I’ve been playing it for decades with friends and family. However, in this game, I usually don’t have enough time to finish a whole game. When you quit the app, your data resets and you are not able to continue your game from before. Because of this, I haven’t been able to finish a complete game. I understand that single-player and pass and play have saves where you can resume, but it would be SO AMAZING if multiplayer with friends had this as well. Please, pretty please implement this feature and it will be the best board game app on the market.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12492661, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. Local modes (single-player and pass & play) do both save. You can continue a saved game by selecting the game mode from the main menu - this will then prompt you to either resume the saved game, or start a new one. Multiplayer modes are real-time only and cannot be saved/resumed. We hope this information helps!', 'modified': '2019-12-19T16:14:33Z'}, 'title': 'Great game; but one problem', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'QuincyF'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 18, 4, 31), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'First off I love this game. Monopoly has always been one of my favorite horses games growing up and I just like the idea around it. There’s no actual problems with the game. I would’ve given it 5 stars but I would love to see some sort of a leveling system added. Like getting xp for winning and playing games. It just seems a little bare at the moment. Possibly even unlockable pieces by playing the game. Thanks for listening and I’ll always be a fan of this game 👍🏼', 'title': 'Needs Additional Features', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Draco 💔🥀'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 1, 1, 24, 16), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Have played 5 times in a row with our daughter, against the AI on Easy. Just when we are about to win, there are about 6 rounds where the computer rolls about 20-30 unbelievably lucky rolls, and then we roll a series unbelievably unlucky rolls, and are forced to sell/mortgage everything, in perfect sequence. Obviously the rolls stop being random once the computer is down, as this exact scenario has now played out 5 times in a row, ending with our daughter in tears every time. Hilarious that the production team  thought this would be a good idea, but i guess that’s what you get with laughably garbage developers :/', 'title': 'AI Wins every time on Easy, Daughter in tears', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sjts3'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 24, 11, 42, 52), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It’s a great kitchen table board game to electronic port. However my only gripe is when using the “online with friends” option, it doesn’t allow you to close the app and return later to continue at the same point you left off. Some of my friends wanted to play a game, but didn’t want the pressure of having to sit there and focus only on the game. I wish there was a way to change this option of turn length.', 'title': 'Online with friends', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JimyHoadley'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 19, 20, 37, 29), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I had a version of Monopoly on my Mac and it was perfect. (Lots of customization and option for gameplay without having to purchase anything)... this version is rough. Customization is minimal unless you want to spend money and there are multiple bugs/issues I’ve experienced(especially with “Online with Friends” multiplayer mode).  The game will freeze and crash in the middle of a game, which for a time consuming game like Monopoly, is incredibly frustrating. Think there are some kinks to be worked out in this app for me to give it more stars and keep playing.', 'title': 'Meh.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BHudson17'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 6, 5, 45), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Unless you keep the game open for the entire duration of the game your player will automatically be taken into AI mode. Sure maybe that’s a good idea to keep people from waiting around for someone to make a move. But even to switch apps to reply to a text message or something and your player just goes off and does whatever the hell it thinks it should for you. Not very fun and takes away from the strategy of the game. Implement an option to turn this on/off and I’d give it a better score. Considering I only downloaded this to play with a friend online it’s a big disappointment.', 'title': 'Terrible multiplayer functionality.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jonlarsen'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 23, 8, 41), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I can not believe I spent money on this trash version of monopoly. I was so excited to be able to play my favorite board game against others online but what do you know half of the time you can’t even finish games because people just leave or take forever in their turns which stops the game entirely! This online version needs a lot of revisiting and a lot of reworking to work for everyone. I would not waste money on this unless you are going to play by yourself or pass and play with others around you. Online play is not worth it. They need to add a timer to end each persons round or an afk timer or something. What a shame.', 'title': 'Hot Garbage', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JaysSoFresh'}, {'title': 'Classic but still stinks as it does on PS4', 'userName': 'Rolphel', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 22, 1, 3, 12), 'review': 'Let’s be honest here... Monopoly is a classic game, who doesn’t enjoy it right. Only major issue I have is online. It’s 2020 & MOST, if not all games are preferred to be played competitively. It freezes too much & you should do something about players who quit. They should be reprimanded or players who play all the way through shall receive incentives. Just like PS4, it’s rare to complete a whole game. Please fix!'}, {'title': 'Not the best, but great start', 'userName': 'kxramirez', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 0, 13, 52), 'review': 'Tbh I love monopoly ! I enjoy playing this new app, it only gets annoying when it starts to freeze and when i start the app again it gives them another chance to roll a different number, also there has been a couple of time where I see the number that has been rolled but the player piece has moved one more or one less then rolled :/ other then that great game !', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12317568, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T12:36:26Z'}}, {'title': 'I like it BUT...', 'userName': 'Samwpennel', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 26, 21, 58, 12), 'review': 'I was really exited to play this game with friends (on mobile) because I saw you tubers playing it on computer and it looked amazing however when I bought it and started playing it the grafics were lower plus there was no buildings to look at and the map is a top perspective pretty much the whole time I would like it more if it had the same \nThings as computer.'}, {'title': 'The game keeps freezing', 'userName': 'Deana Trapani', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 5, 28, 37), 'review': 'me and my friend have been playing almost daily and we keep having an issue where the game freezes half way through and neither of us can play. the dice isn’t showing up on either ends and it seems as if it’s the other persons turn but neither of us can do anything other than quit after playing for an hour and getting so far it’s very frustrating and disappointing. we love this game so if you see this can you please make some adjustments.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 24292980, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our MONOPOLY app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.', 'modified': '2021-08-03T14:46:02Z'}}, {'title': 'Rigged', 'userName': 'Mr916cali', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 13, 21, 2, 43), 'review': 'Although the concept is the same, this game is totally rigged to make it so that the computer wins if you are playing in single player mode. I played the game 8 times so far and all 8 times the penguin won, and not only did the penguin win every time, at the end of the game they no less than 8 grand every time. The more and more I rejected offers to trade properties, the more and more the penguin would not land on any of properties....it landed on free parking and got the money every time among other things.\n\nIt’s an ok game but do not play single player mode.'}, {'title': 'Fun game & well made!  Only issue is', 'userName': 'n00170568', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 8, 3, 47, 22), 'review': 'That they haven’t banned people being able to throw the game by giving all their properties and money to another player. This ruins the playing experience and essentially wastes the entire time invested into that match.  I’m not sure how exactly they would program that and stay within the rules, but there has to be a way. Maybe have a behind the scenes marker that increasingly matches a throwing player with other throwers?'}, {'title': 'Great game! Except...', 'userName': '♥ Ushertoo', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 5, 40, 40), 'review': 'It’s a great game, very fun but. When playing multiplayer with my online friends one persons game always freezes and the turn cannot be passed. So when we are half way or more into a game we have to start over. It happened 2 time yesterday and has already happened once today but with this game I FULLY expect it to happen again. (The five stars are for this to be seen)', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20701041, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our MONOPOLY app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r\n\r\nIf you have more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n\r\n ", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:18:52Z'}}, {'title': 'Crashes constantly but potential is there..', 'userName': 'shelbyylinn', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 23, 21, 37, 24), 'review': 'When the game works, it’s pretty ok. The problem is the game hardly ever works. I have yet to finish a game online due to the game crashing and not letting me end my turn. I can still trade with other players but it will not move to the next players turn. Also, it would be cool if this wasn’t a real-time game but maybe get notifications if your opponent makes a move? That way you can pick back up and play at your own pace. I’d be able to play more often, for sure. In summary, decent game that needs a lot of work.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16182744, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your feedback and review. We are very sorry to hear that the game crashes for you, if you can, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com and we'll try to help you solve your problem. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. I am happy to tell you that the team is already working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. It is not available yet but will be soon.\r\n\n", 'modified': '2020-06-24T04:50:43Z'}}, {'title': 'Great play, frustrating online play', 'userName': 'itunesaddict2332', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 5, 36, 8), 'review': 'I typically find this version enjoyable. But I often get in games with opponents seemingly taking Tom long and there’s no forced completion. So I just waited ten minutes for someone to end their move, and just quit the game. There should be a limit on the time it takes to hit end move if you’re not making a trade or building a house. Also, there should be some limits on offering the same trade over and over every move.'}, {'title': 'Okay and Improvements Needed', 'userName': 'CoachSherry', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 21, 7, 15), 'review': 'Great visual display and ease of playing. Need a chat function so players can talk back and forth. What’s up with when users toggle to text or anywhere else they lose the ability to join a game? I see lots of improvements needed to make this a fully functioning game with online players. Our family is wanting to play but not in real-time. We want to have an on-going game where all players don’t have to be real time. Please get some enhancements like these, we love playing monopoly together!'}, {'title': 'Cherished childhood game, but...', 'userName': 'dbenson37', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 17, 2, 2), 'review': 'I was happy to find this game in the App Store. I remember playing this as a child and how much fun it was. Added bonus is that you don’t have to worry about losing pieces, whose turn it is, or being the banker. \nHowever, the icons, or whatever you call them, suddenly became too big, so when I hit the “house” icon to purchase one, the tab covers some of the board, making it impossible to buy the property on the left side by the jail.\nAlso, I purchase the 30’s board, and Winter board, and now they are locked. \nI deleted the app and re-downloaded, but it’s still locked.\nOn a side note, it would be nice to see the property I already own when trying to buy more. The screen pops up asking if you want to buy, but the screen blocks the board, so I have to sit there and have to recall if I have the other properties. \nAll in all, very fun game.'}, {'title': 'No way to get back to a game once disconnected', 'userName': 'KJRoles', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 19, 22, 44, 44), 'review': 'We are so disappointed that we bought this game.  My son and I have tried three times to play online as friends and we have never been able to finish a game.  If our WiFi disconnects momentarily or we swipe up while rolling and exit the app accidentally then the game disconnects and there is no way to get back to the game even if the other person stays in.  There is no way to save a game and exit and come back.  My child is so sad that he has never been able to finish a game with me. We will not play again until this is fixed.  Please do something about this problem.'}, {'title': 'Basic Problems, beautiful game.', 'userName': 'Jon4838582', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 18, 5, 16), 'review': 'Edit: app keeps crashing halfway through games. \n\nI am running an iphone Xsmax. \n\nupdate. : Why is it crashing mid game and freezing?m\nAlso a glitch: When trying to raise money the game will often freeze the UI and there’s no way to rejoin.\n\nThe fact that I can’t leave the app and rejoin my game within a given time is a major dealbreaker. This game is gorgeous, I had to get the snow DLC. However with an amazing hasbro game comes a set of old-gen problems. The game also feels slow. There should be a timer to get people to select choices within say ~20 seconds. There should also be a queue time estimate to know when to avoid getting stuck in search for regular mode, which does not end and cannot be exited unless you leave app and reopen.\n\nAlso, please find more multiplayer elements and the option for PC cross platform.\n\nAnd just an idea- but you guys should import this stuff into VR. Looks amazing! Especially the winter maps.\n\nPlease address. Thank you.'}, {'title': 'Good w/ annoying bugs', 'userName': 'OvR_LoRd', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 8, 27, 25), 'review': 'It’s good ol monopoly just the way everyone plays it, but the bugs get really annoying after the first time it happens. When you close your single player game, and then resume it, sometimes the add and remove house buttons disappear and won’t come back on (even if u restart or get another color set).  Also, if you add or remove houses too fast, you can either gain or loose money because the program couldnt keep up with the tapping lol'}, {'title': 'Game is okay', 'userName': 'haelii', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 1, 39, 46), 'review': 'I was really excited for this to come out. It’s a great concept and great format. The only thing that makes me soooo mad is when it 1) freezes or 2) the next player doesn’t roll and we all sit there for 15 minutes and then end up leaving the game. You should make it skip the player if they don’t roll. I’m not sure if it’s the actual player of the game bonking out but I’ve been sitting here for 15 mins whiles it’s someone turn and they’re not doing anything. We shouldn’t have to sacrifice our game because of Karen.'}, {'title': 'What’s up with the DOB and controls on left?', 'userName': 'fungirls', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 18, 14, 11), 'review': 'I really like this iPad app, despite its flaws. The oddest thing recently is that now it’s started randomly asking me for my birthdate. Not cool for an app I paid for some time ago. And now for some inexplicable reason it has  moved the “end turn” button that you hit constantly throughout the game from the right to the left. And it seems to have made these changes without my updating the app. Just weird arbitrary changes that makes it more of a pain to deal with.'}, {'title': 'Game is totally rigged', 'userName': 'Paige C K', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 3, 52, 51), 'review': 'I love the app in every way except when Monopoly wants you to lose, you will lose. I’ve noticed I win every fourth game I play and even if I’m thousand of Monopoly $ ahead of all the other players, the app will make me experience every bad outcome until I lose and the other players will never land on any of your spots even if you own more than half the board. It’s totally unrealistic. I understand you’re going to lose some, but I mean come on! It’s so rigged and I’ve noticed dozens upon dozens of other users have said the same thing. Monopoly, please change this!'}, {'title': 'Good, but can use some more custom rules and more people per match', 'userName': 'IshhhhhhLiiiii', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 27, 7, 45, 13), 'review': 'I recommend adding more custom rules in custom mode and more people during one match due to some people having more than 3 friends to play with. I also recommend adding more custom rules due to others playing with different rules. Suggestions: able to buy properties once you pass go. Must roll a double to move when starting the game. Add 3 way trading or even more. Game chat.'}, {'title': 'AUTOMATIC PLAYERS??', 'userName': 'GamerBoy159', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 22, 54, 32), 'review': 'Wayyy too many bugs if you want us to PAY for the app!!\nFirst, it buffers for like 4 min and than kicks me out of the game.  \nWhen someone quits the game, an automatic player starts playing, and than it’s a guaranteed win for them. Stupid trades constantly every turn. Not fun. \nIf someone quits their property should be sold back to the bank and than that’s it, not place a random auto player that makes it impossible to win. \nThe dice are definitely not random, it’s fixed to let the auto players win and the chance/community cards all give fees the most of the times but to Auto players, it’s $200 or advance to whatever.'}, {'title': 'Needs a chat', 'userName': 'Itsthatboysean', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 24, 17, 30, 8), 'review': 'How can you expect someone to play Monopoly and don’t give them a chatroom to talk to the other players? 14 automated words to work with isn’t good enough this game involves so much communication and you guys are taking away from that aspect of the game. How am i suppose to strategize with my fellow players if all i have are 14 already made words that won’t help me. please consider adding a chatroom in the next update you guys don’t understand how much better the game could flow with that addition.(5 stars if the chatroom is added)'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun and amazing!!!!!', 'review': 'This game keeps you entertained and it’s soooo fun to play with family and friends it does cost money but it’s totally worth it. I play almost everyday you never get bored of it! You can play with bots or play with friends you can also make a costom game which means u can make your own rules! There is nothing bad about this game except that there can be a few glitches but rarely.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'fred weaslyy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 30, 23, 57, 37)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love this game but there is one issue', 'review': 'This is my favorite game!  But, just in the past few weeks, it is freezing late in the game.  It happens when a player has to sell their houses to pay rent on another players property.  It freezes at the point where the cash would move.  I can re-install the app and that will lose the game.  I can re-start my iPad and that fixed it one time but the other 3 times it didn’t make a difference.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'ElsieW', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 13, 22, 34, 1)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Needs a lot of work', 'review': 'This app is not worth $4, with the added fact that everything else in the app is extremely expensive. You can’t even throw in another board for free? \nAlso, the game lags constantly, whether on WiFi or 5G, leading the whole game to freeze and you to lose all of your progress in an online game.\nLastly, there should be some sort of stats - how many games have I played? What have I lost and won? What’s my favorite piece to use... I don’t know, something. Would add another dimension to the game and make me feel like I didn’t flush this money down the toilet.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Yeahhhhhhboiiiiiiii', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 16, 45, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Broken board game', 'review': 'Since the day I’ve bought this game, I have been unable to finish a game in multiplayer mode.  It’s always crashing, or it just freezes during a game. It does not matter how good your WiFi or your service for your  device maybe at some point during the game it will stop and a notification will pop up saying you have lost connection returning you to the main menu. Don’t bother trying to play another game in multiplayer mode because you will just run into the same problem every time. At this point I just want my money back.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'VSVPBOBBY', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 9, 14, 45)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'You Can’t Win!!', 'review': 'No matter how much I am winning by, the computer always wins! I had the brown, light blue, and pink sets, all with hotels while the computer only had the yellow set. Yet I lost, you can’t tell me that isn’t rigged! The computer only landed on the better spots where as I hit their properties 3 times in a row. I thought this game was going to be pretty realistic but man was I wrong!! Not to mention how overly priced the sets are! Like $20 for a new board and 4 different characters! What a waste! Plus the game really isn’t worth $4 especially since the computer will always win no matter what! Please if you are reading this review don’t download this game!', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Ksltslylydylylgldyoxgosgo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 1, 3, 39, 49)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Probably don’t buy', 'review': 'Freezes a lot in multiplayer which is the entire reason I bought it, that and multiplayer in general is pretty buggy\n\nEdit: upon playing the game further it just keeps on seeming more and more rigged, i own most of half the board( left side of board) aside from the railroad and the cards spots and yet they always land on those places. Avoiding my spots entirely. It should also be noted that other players have brought this issue up. Just seems kinda crappy seeing as how they charge money for the game, they could at least make it fairer or seem more reasonable.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Rivera2475', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 26, 2, 28, 30)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun! But kicks you out of games with friends way too easily!', 'review': 'Great graphics, loads of fun! The only thing that frustrates me beyond belief is when my husband and I connect through the same game and any alert whatsoever kicks you out of the game.  Incoming call— kicked out.  Batter alert — kicked out.  Text message comes through — kicked out.  You could be 30 minutes into a game and lose access completely and have to start over.  This is something that shouldn’t be happening in an app you have to pay for 😔', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'MsLawley', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 2, 16, 55)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Frozen Again', 'review': 'Imagine scoring two monopolies by luck in one roll! You have the game in your hands! But the next player never rolls... never moves... everything is frozen.... again. \n\nThis is very difficult when playing long games in multiplayer mode. Is there a chance that if i choose to never roll the game freezes as well? This is very frustrating and I am very dissatisfied with this current version (1.0.7) of the monopoly app. Is there a way to get my money back? I haven’t been able to finish a game yet :(', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'James Amabile', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 5, 49, 59)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12359233, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard towards fixing all of the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused", 'modified': '2019-12-12T11:16:59Z'}, 'review': 'I love monopoly I have played probably 30 game.  But I have only finished about 10!  The problem it that the computers will freeze then you have to start over.  Also I wish the game was a little harder because I play with all the computers on hard and still win(when it does not freeze). This is a problem with the game I have and iPhone XS Max and it freezes on my iPad and phone and does this on no other apps it just needs fixed.\nBut love this game', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'turkeyman22', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 12, 18, 22)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Horrible online multiplayer. Shouldn’t have bought', 'review': 'It is virtually impossible to play a multiplayer game constantly get to a point where my game just is still there but won’t let me roll or it gets stuck on a screen. If it was possible I’d get my money back. Ridiculous that I paid for a game that doesn’t let me finish a single game. Half of the time I can’t even get into a game it just brings me to the board and freezes me there. Absolute trash pit. $29 for the whole game as well after you buy. Strongly suggest no one ever buys this. So disappointed that I’ve doesn’t a week trying to get this thing going. Hasbro nice miss on a great opportunity.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Jiggythangs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 21, 14, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Really fun, but time consuming', 'review': 'The game itself  functions well, and the graphics are great.I just wish there was an option to speed through the AI’s turns on single player so the game doesn’t feel dragged out. I also find it annoying that you have to pay $4.99 for the app itself, and then have to pay additional money to unlock extra boards and figures within the app. While I have overall enjoyed the app, I think there are some improvements that need to made to make the game more replayable.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': '🐠RG🐠', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 9, 29, 15)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It is fun, BUT ...', 'review': 'I look forward to when we can play this game a turn at a time, wait for a connected friend to play their turn and then open game up again to play my turn.  As it is now, it is like a old in-person board game.  If you have 3 or 4 players, it might take a couple of hours to play a game without closing app to do other things like answer a call or text.  So, I look forward to that feature for those of us who are “on the go” AND enjoy playing games with friends.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'A Beason', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 16, 18, 39)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great Game, One Online Multiplayer Problem', 'review': 'This game has been great to play while everyone’s staying at home. One problem I’ve found while playing with my friends is that if someone leaves the game, either checking a text or someone’s device battery dies, that player is replaced by AI. If the app is quit, there is no way to rejoin the game. So we’re forced to play without a friend. Some sort of rejoin functionality needs to be implemented and then it’ll be perfect!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'KLongmuir', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 13, 19, 12)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This game has major flaws', 'review': '1st: most annoying thing is there is no option to disable trade offers. Every move AI tries to trade but the only options you have is to decline or decline all. Every time you have to press it again and again and again until you uninstall the game.\n\n2nd: the dice is not fair. If you play custom rules and add bonus for free parking and for landing on the go, you will see AI landing on those squares most often. Once you build properties then AI will avoid most of the time but if AI has property you will somehow land there every turn or every other turn.\n\nDon’t buy and don’t irritate your kids with this stupid game.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Rouslan86', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 13, 42, 2)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Needs another update', 'review': 'As of May 18th 2020, I’ve been playing the game for a few weeks now and it was fun but for whatever reason they decided to update the game and now I can’t get through a full game online with my friends because the game will quit working. I’ll be halfway through the game and it doesn’t want to continue. I tried having it reconnect, and turn the wifi on but nothing happens. I actually spent extra money on this game and I feel like now it’s all gone to waste. Please fix this.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Mr .Blue', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 22, 52, 53)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great...but the crashs are constant', 'review': 'I love the game it’s get but the amount of times my game crashes and I have to start all over is ridiculous, I had it happen 3 times in a row!!! I paid 4$ for a game that crashes on me!!! It’s a really fun game when it actually works, I don’t like how when I accidentally pull my notification bar down it disconnects me till my next turn, and I’d like to be able too see how much money is in the jack box, and have more of the OG pieces to play with, but all in all is a great game....when it works', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'kylan west', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 5, 12, 9)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game has a Network Design problem', 'review': 'Let me first start off by saying that this game has great graphics. However waiting for other people to make their turns is very frustrating. If you accidentally minimize the game or drag a menu down, the game disconnects you and forces you to reconnect. They need to implement an idle disconnect time and a visible time counter for every player otherwise the game gets dragged on way too long. The network issues compiled with players who have butter fingers or don’t have patience, really flaw this game entirely. For a paid app, I had higher expectations.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'WesRX16', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 9, 3, 32)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love the game but it needs help', 'review': 'I love playing the game when everything goes right. Most the time though either a player won’t pay attention or gets disconnected and freezes or is stuck in limbo somewhere. There’s needs to be a workaround that will let that player who isn’t paying attention get booted off without having the game freeze up. Also make it to where the players can communicate with commonly used phrases or questions etc. please fix this game because I love playing it', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'swedishmassagemaster', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 8, 7, 56, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This game has issues.', 'review': 'This game has issues. Multiplayer will kick you out if you leave the app to answer a text message or if you get a “low battery” alert on your phone. The game has gotten stuck on the AI players turn more than once. There’s no way to rejoin a game once disconnected. The AI trades are completely non-sensical (gives a player a Boardwalk monopoly so that it can take a property of no consequence?) and they don’t counter trade, so you have no idea what it wants. You can inspect properties when it’s not your turn, so no way to plan ahead or think about the board state. It’s a mess.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'RedshiftXX', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 4, 58, 4)}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Stability issues', 'review': 'This game is very well put together, except two big things. If you respond to a text or multitask to another app even for a second, the chance of reconnecting to the game is low. I’ve played a few online with friend games and we are yet to fully finish one because can connect back and the game freezes. I would also be nice to be able to play as a turn by turn style much like words with friends. Where I could respond to my turn even days later.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Widzman', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 2, 18, 39)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 26, 4, 15, 32), 'review': 'Don’t buy this game total waste of money if you tell me.. got my friends to play but couldn’t even play the game, everyone joins and next thing you know your playing with the A.I. always have to reset the app every time you either you reply to a text that does not take more then 1min. Games a total waste, rather pay for the actual bored game not on MOBLE. Want my money back $4', 'userName': 'M_a_g_i_c_', 'title': 'Rate 1 Star'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 22, 30, 49), 'review': 'not only is 3.99$ too much for the base game but they charge you like five bucks for essential expansions (things that should have been included like o.g. monopoly pieces) and is straight up missing features like a “no trades” functionality and the “second pass” (can’t buy property until you’ve passed go) all in all. i already bought it, i’ll still pay for it but DEFINATELY would not recommend you buy it, actually, please don’t.', 'userName': 'robot9001', 'title': 'fun game, missing features, waay overpriced'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 9, 53, 41), 'review': 'Great easy pick up and play game. Little glitchy likes to reconnect me a lot when I am In good reception. Also fails to show all property bought or won’t show any chance or chest cards. Also it would be great to get some kind of chat feature or a mode where you are not replaced by the computer to play you could play a game with someone and they could take there turn when they wanted without having to stay connect to the game at all times so games could last days. But still really fun', 'userName': 'Olliemon13', 'title': 'Great port'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 10, 48, 44), 'review': 'I had this game purchased before on my iPad...but had to purchase it again for my phone and it’s a different version. The one I had before was so much better. \n1. I can’t speed up or “skip past” when I’m playing against the computer \n2. There should be more choices for boards and pieces without having to pay more money since it was you had to pay for the game to begin with\n3. Get frequently booted when trying to play online with friends and then you can’t get back in the game and it doesn’t save the progress...the whole reason I bought this was to play with one of my friends', 'userName': 'Lucky zero', 'title': 'Disappointed'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 1, 0, 49), 'review': 'I love the overall aspect of the game, every feature and everything about it. BUT the game constantly freezes in the middle on an online game with real people and I can no longer play the game. From what I’ve seen, others are having this problem too. PLEASE fix this problem! Not even worth the money at this point because of how many online games I’ve lost because I can’t get through it without it freezing! I never have any problems with the single player mode though, but I would much rather play online!!', 'userName': 'Alyson1234', 'title': 'Great game, but needs a major update'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494616, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:43:59Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 5, 58, 18), 'review': 'Another player’s community chest r chance card... the pay the bank 50 for each player one.. it was still on my screen when it was time to roll.... and I could not select the dice due to the pop up chat from their card being in the way. Selecting different in game buttons didn’t fix it. Exiting the app and re opening it starts a new game... if I can’t leave the game and comeback I need it to work well enough that I don’t have to do that.', 'userName': 'yipps93', 'title': 'Bugs that ruin a game after being an hour into it?'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 20, 36, 27), 'review': 'Started out to be a nice app. But got annoying real quick once we realized if you try to respond to a text or check the weather during someone else’s turn it kicks you out and won’t allow you to rejoin the game with friends. Was hoping to use this with family as an alternative to the traditional board game. Unfortunate unless you have an hr or more where you can be completely unplugged don’t choose this game. You will have upset , crying children because you just look At that text, you will have lost half the game and need to restart.', 'userName': 'isajoke', 'title': 'Disappointed'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 21, 35, 6), 'review': 'I love playing Monopoly on iOS. Great job. My only complaint now is that with the update, the game attempts to load, I’m assuming by connecting to a server, when it is opened. I loved this game because I would play on my breaks at work where we have poor cell reception. Before the update I could open and launch or continue a single player game in seconds but now I can’t get the game to open at all. Is there any way to transfer the server loading to when a multiplayer mode is selected?', 'userName': 'Rhoff627', 'title': 'New update'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 28, 12, 56, 12), 'review': 'Would be a great game except for the fact that there is constant freezing mid game. This prevents players from ending their turn so the game can proceed. Extremely frustrating and a waste of time. Not worth 399 if you can even complete a game. Developers website does not work either. Encouraging everyone to contact Apple and let them know this developer is charging money for an app that does not work response from support via email is useless. It does not address the actual issue. Too bad because otherwise it would be a good game', 'userName': 'grishelen', 'title': 'Constant freezing'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 1, 26, 23), 'review': 'The only problem I have with this app is one super simple thing: no time limits in regular game mode. Either it’s nonexistent or rarely works, but time after time I’ll be really into a game and then one player holds up the entire game by not moving! It’s a huge waste of time and takes the entire away the entire purpose of this app: to play a classic game of monopoly on mobile. I won’t be purchasing anything more from this app and if it doesn’t change I most likely won’t use the app any longer. Super disappointing', 'userName': 'csimps651', 'title': 'Frequent stalling games ruin the game!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 29, 22, 11, 11), 'review': "Please please please Monopoly I'm begging u to fix the freezing that occurs on multiplayer mode! Its literally every other game online that starts off well but mid-game it stops working and u are forced to abandon the game to start a new one!!! I love everything about this game but the continual freezing and not allowing me to finish playing multiplayer is a huge headache for me! We paid good money and expect to be able to play fully through the game start to finish!! If this does not get resolved I will be forced to find a new game that I can play without having to quit every other game because it keeps freezing!!", 'userName': 'RonDemiGod', 'title': 'FIX THE FREEZING & EVERYTHING ELSE IS GREAT'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 15, 21, 44, 53), 'review': 'I paid for this app and there’s so much in game content you have to buy to access. At least give me an option to earn it. Otherwise this game is just pretty much a better way to play monopoly. You have the option to play online, pass the device around, or just play with ai if you’re afraid of people, like me. I wish I could play on the other boards, but they’re just not worth the amount of money you have to pay after already having bought the app', 'userName': 'wormie spieg', 'title': 'Come on bro'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 29, 15, 57, 12), 'review': 'Whenever I played this game I really liked it and it was fun. I was going to buy more houses but I couldn’t. Then I figured out that there was a limit to how many houses and hotels you could buy. Can you add the option in custom game options to have unlimited houses and hotels that can be bought. Instead of 32 houses and 12 hotels I would like there to be the option to make it infinite houses and hotels please.', 'userName': 'lexmvs', 'title': 'Can you add option to have unlimited houses and hotels'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 18, 6, 24, 46), 'review': 'Don’t get me wrong I love the game of Monopoly, it’s just that no mater what the difficulty rating is or how I customize the game. I ALWAYS WIN, not sure if if the A.I. Is supposed to just feel easier than a human. It’s not just the A.I. I win on the online multiplayer as well, I’ve had instances where players quit and just handed all their properties to my opponent, and I still beat them. This game is much easier than its physical counterpart, please make the online mode catered to player’s game performance.', 'userName': 'GrantisSCKMN', 'title': 'A bit easy, please make more challenging'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 7, 29, 46), 'review': 'Very nice Monopoly game overall. The extra stuff costs way too much but you don’t need it to play. The main thing missing is a persistent game with friends. If you make a private online game you should be able to take turns over time and get a notification when it’s your turn rather than having to stay in the game the entire time. Chat for private games would be good too.', 'userName': 'J cage', 'title': 'Would be great with a few extra features.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 16, 9, 23), 'review': 'I have played solo games against the AI. Like most mobile games, the random functions don’t seem random at all. Doubles are very common. Landing on jail is also frequent, which makes it seem intentional. Auctioning doesn’t always make sense. The AI player who put it up bids on it and pays more. The AI tries to repeatedly make the same trades with you, and it is very annoying. The AI trades with itself in ways that don’t make sense, i.e. there is no advantage for either player. The game has a lot of potential, but the randomness, particularly the dice rolling, needs to be improved.', 'userName': 'WrathOfNickname', 'title': 'Has Potential, Needs Work'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 1, 1, 22), 'review': 'Monopoly will always be a super fun game, and this version is really polished... But... when playing online the game will sometimes crash, and this can be really annoying when you put hours of your time into a game.\n\nPLEASE FIX THIS!!!\n\nEdit: the game can also really benefit from a chat, even if it’s with premade messages like Nintendo does. We especially need an “are you still here” and a “be right back” option, as I think much of the crashes are due to people unexpectedly leaving.', 'userName': 'goodorbadreviews', 'title': 'An hour and a half for nothing'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 2, 59, 45), 'review': 'Sometimes a player will leave or get disconnected mid turn, and the game gets stuck on that one player’s turn and the timer won’t keep the game going. Since a single game can go on multiple hours, then a player rage quits at the end causing the rest of the players to waste multiple hours their life because the game isn’t smart enough to throw in a bot to finish the game. Also I’ve ran into multiple occasions where it’s obvious that multiple players are teaming up. For example two players merge properties by selling 8 properties for 10 bucks which completely ruins the fun.', 'userName': 'dklep1508', 'title': 'The game is fun but has some super frustrating issues'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 23, 2, 14, 39), 'review': 'When the app is functioning correctly, the game is enjoyable. I have frequently been running into issues where we get invested in a game, and as soon as it is time to switch player for someone else’s turn, the game disconnects and there is no way to reconnect to the game even after using the reconnecting feature. For a premium price for an app, I should be able to get through a complete game with my family and I can not seem to do that. I wouldn’t recommend paying this price for the app, as it does not function as it should.', 'userName': 'LltKiwi', 'title': 'Game breaking crashes'}, {'isEdited': True, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12298179, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T16:35:27Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 18, 30, 51), 'review': "Twice now, once online and once off, the game completely crashed deep into it after tons of time spent, it just froze and wouldn't come up. One other online game froze at the loading screen. Early days but still frustrating. Needs work.\n\nUpdate 12/31: somehow just as bad as ever. Multiplayer unplayable! I just played for an hour only to have the game completely freeze again! Quitting out and returning didn't help - no resume. I tried again and the same thing happened in 15 mins. They've now had a month and multiple updates and it's no better. Very disappointed.\n\nSingle player is ok but the computer players still make the same trade offers every turn no matter how many times you reject them. Quite annoying.\n\nAnd the game keeps trying to get me to buy stuff. As if. Get the basic product working and maybe extra stuff would be worth it. As of now it wasn't worth the $4 it cost initially.", 'userName': 'Cixelsyd23', 'title': 'Buggy as all get out'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Visually stunning, and the animation is grand! Only problem is: the winner is obviously determined before the first roll of the NonRandomNumberGenerated Dice. The dice work of a set of averages that are drawn from your winning or losing streak, ergo; it’s not really a game, but a meme of the Great American Game of Monopoly. The developers should be ashamed. Hasbro must’ve run out of budget and shorted the dev team, thus justifying the game being so jacked up. Pathetic really, but it looks great!', 'title': 'Random Number Generator?', 'userName': 'The Big Daddy Jay', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 3, 8, 53, 54)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing Monopoly for quite a while. Suddenly, today I was asked for my birthday and was not allowed to launch until I provided it. I feel uncomfortable sharing that information and did not see a specific request for it in the EULA. Furthermore, I’ve noticed some minor - yet annoying - changes to the UI. The end turn is now on bottom left. The settings button is in upper left. On trades, the properties in a trade are no longer indicated with a check mark. \n\nPlus I tried to submit to your website, but it says recapcha is not working. There in NO recaptch on the page!', 'title': 'Sudden “Problems”', 'userName': 'Fuzhed', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 20, 18, 27)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love monopoly but this game’s completely ruined it for me. There are instances where all players got sent to jail one after another, and then sent back to jail AGAIN after getting out. I don’t think this would happen that often in real life board game. And most game seems like there’s already a winner predetermined. I would have an entire row of hotels with no chance of anyone landing on them while a player with houses in Boardwalk get repeated visits until everyone else go bankrupt… monopoly is fun to play but this version is totally rigged', 'title': 'Rigged and no such thing as random', 'userName': 'NoPeaceAgreement!', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 5, 46, 44)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It can be a far more enjoyable game if the ai wasn’t pre-programmed to cheat. It’s not random or chance if 9 times out of 10 he lands on his own property, or gets multiple doubles, (where it can continuously buy more property) or receives favorable outcomes from chance and community chest. \nIt’s just my thoughts after playing this game enough times where the “deck” is enormously stacked against you.\nIt’s a great game and with a little honesty tweak it would be even better.', 'title': 'Kmort', 'userName': 'kmort 53', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 15, 23, 23, 44)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'When it’s not glitchy it’s fun. Sometimes people get a phone call and don’t respond in that game quickly and I wish there was a button where If someone didn’t participate in the game you can kick them out. Like after 2 minutes of waiting. When it’s working well then it’s good it usually messes up right when I’m about to kill everyone on the board.', 'title': 'It’s okay', 'userName': 'big abe cbus ohio', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 2, 50, 34)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game the only thing is that if I get a phone call or an alert that my batter is dying or for some reason have to exit the game to read a text, when I come back and reconnect I can’t continue to play the game it freezes and never comes back it has happened to me two or three times and I was in some good games. I feel as if this is a minor bug, easily fixable...', 'title': 'Love the game', 'userName': 'BigMac216', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 19, 2, 28, 37)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Game freezes so badly. I have started 7 games today, 6 of them crashed. In this kind of a game that could last for multiple hours it is truly frustrating to lose connection after 1 hour played. \nI wrote that developers were recommending the update, however it made it even worse. I am so sorry for the bad review, I just really hope that it would be seen and helpful to make this game better for all the players. \nThank you! 🌷', 'title': 'Glitches and Freezes 6/7 games crushed', 'userName': 'remember.m.es', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 1, 32, 26)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is good but it seems like the game is rigged at times or has a set algorithm, especially when you roll 6 times and you get thrown in jail 6 times. It also seems like the game favors a player at the beginning and gives that person a  handicap. I have the actual board game and comparing the two, I prefer the board game. The odds are fairer if you throw real dice. Also, the game desperately lacks communication with other players. A chat window would help this game. At the end, this game is still monopoly and I enjoy the game, but it really gets frustrating when the odds are manipulated with.', 'title': 'The game is good, but needs lots of fixes', 'userName': 'monopoly playr', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 14, 24, 12)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Okay, so I just want to say this is my Favorite game to play in quarantine but the quality is TERRIBLE, especially for 4$s! When you play it’s super fun but randomly It glitches and closes out the game you are in with friends. If someone calls you in a game the game ends, if you leave the app for more than 5 seconds It ends. There’s no chat to talk with friends in multiplayer and randomly it stops allowing you to put houses on the properties. Like a said great game but for four dollars I should not be dealing with ALL OF THESE GLITCHES AND PROBLEMS! If this game would fix its glitches I would pay again for this app if I had to. MONOPOLY CORPORATION FIX YOUR GAME!', 'title': 'Great game but Annoying af', 'userName': 'LexiGiardina25', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 3, 49, 51)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Just recently purchased this game. My wife and I started an online game with friend. We played for two hours before we finally stopped. We hoped back in later hoping to continue our game to find that it was no longer there. Is there not a way to save online games with friends so you can pick them back up later?', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16183039, 'body': 'Hello! thank you for your feedback and review. We are very happy to hear that you are playing Monopoly with your wife. I am happy to tell you that the team is already working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. It is not available yet but will be soon. If you have any questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for direct assistance. ', 'modified': '2020-06-24T05:07:39Z'}, 'title': 'Love everything except....', 'userName': 'Dogstudent', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 22, 23, 6, 12)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is the classic monopoly.  My friends and I downloaded to play during quarantine, and we were disappointed to learn that the game does crash if you leave the game to text.  Would love a chat feature when playing online with friends.  Only other complaint is that only 4 players can play at once online.  I would say 75% of the time, the game runs smoothly and is a ton of fun!! Definitely worth checking it out', 'title': 'Classic game', 'userName': 'Slimm Thugga', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 22, 57, 10)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Monopoly the board game is great but holy ******* **** FIX YOUR GAME. On the rare occasion I AM some how able to join a game 9 times out of 10 it crashed before it finishes. Not to mention if you slide up or go the home screen it takes 9 years to reconnect.  And the dice is so scripted on where you land it’s unreal(sidenote make us roll to see who goes first). BUT WORST OF ALL with all this broken stuff, the lack of gameplay features like W/L record, game chat ect. Y’ALL HAVE THE AUDACITY TO CHARGE 30$ FOR SOME LAME BOARDS RESKIN/PIECES. These should of been earnable through gameplay you know, WE HAD TO PAY FOR THE GAME!!!!!! There’s 0 incentive to continue playing but it’s not the game would let me play it anyways.....', 'title': 'FIX YOUR APP JESUS', 'userName': 'SinisterC4', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 0, 27, 8)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "Absurd I should get a refund. I just want to play in a room with my friends on our mobile phones with one away and can't even play a game without it crashing. Also, absurd no chat can't close game without it completely ending. Quite possibly the most frustrated I've been with an app that I've paid for. Some things I guess should just stay made for a board game on a table. 0/2 on runs after playing for an hour. If your taking 4 dollars for the app maybe spend some money on a simple troubleshoot for connection when people spending hours play game.", 'title': "Bought the game and can't even finish a game", 'userName': 'jgreenman18', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 10, 4, 35, 29)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "i have a screen shot of me playing, either the game froze or the person thinking about making a deal went to sleep. which ever it was it ruined my first online game play dont think i will do it again, felt like a complete waste of time. it should be some kind of time limit on that. never a reason one person has to think for over 4min in monopoly. i also don't think the game is random like others after playing a pattern begins and it dont seem like things happen ordinarily.", 'title': 'Needs Work', 'userName': 'youngmunny88', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 23, 31, 14)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s really fun, but it keeps taking money from me when people land on my property (after trades). I still have not figured out why. Also it glitches BAAAAD! When you need to get out to read a text or go to your calendar, when you go back to the game expect to have to start the game over. \nIt’s really unreasonable for a full time working mom of 2. I’m a bit upset, seeing as this game was just about $5! Just want to be able to play a game with my husband, but also be able to go out of the game when need be to get work done.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299471, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T18:08:04Z'}, 'title': 'Not bad, just lots of bugs to work out', 'userName': 'chy_mcl0712', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 13, 5, 32)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There are just a few things I don’t appreciate ab the game. For example, when you roll the dice, all of the tiles and properties light up however many spaces you move to show you how far you will be going. However lots of the time they will be one short, so I land on a property that wasnt lit up. I figured it was just a small bug that y’all could fix eventually. However I do think that is a very fun and classic game that I enjoy playing on my free time, though my win-loss ratio is minuscule😂thank you!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 24263584, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are aware of this bug and working towards fixing it along with all the other issues that have been reported by our players. You can expect an update very soon! Our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2021-08-02T13:14:43Z'}, 'title': 'It’s fun…', 'userName': 'Definitly Not Thrilled', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 3, 31, 25)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the multiple choices of places and how the banker is automated. Having both classic and quick modes made this really more fun. I hoped that when someone leaves, the game still continues. Hopefully, we would also be able to report some players for intentionally holding up the game especially when they are losing. And lastly, a choice of more words for dialogue if not a chatbox.', 'title': 'Well designed but not without problems', 'userName': 'Xeniego', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 3, 10, 56, 7)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a great game. Well worth the price. I gave it four stars because there was one time when I was in jail the game glitches and I could not roll and it didn’t time me out. Another thing that is annoying is when other players do bogus trades at the end because they know they’re gonna lose anyway. Would love to see an update that solves that problem in the future. All in all great game and I’m gonna. E playing a lot', 'title': 'Good but can be better.', 'userName': 'CD954', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 3, 3, 51, 58)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this app but the latest update needs an update. When using the mode that distributes 3 properties to each player, if you have to stop the game during play you will have a problem when you resume. It will again distribute 3 properties to each player. If one player had a set of properties that had houses on it, two different players may very well wind up owning parts of that property set.', 'title': 'Latest update needs an update', 'userName': 'None....."..', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 12, 35, 57)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'PLEASE! Please please please fix whatever bug causes the game to freeze EVERY SINGLE TIME I try to “play with friends”. My sister and I get so excited to play, only to get on a roll with it and have it freeze on us. Literally, every single time we have played within the past month or more, this has happened. Every. Single. Time. I really enjoy the game, so giving this a one star review pains me. But not being able to play with family that lives nowhere near me is very disappointing. How can I go about connecting with the right person to find out why this keeps happening?', 'title': 'Freezing during playing with friends', 'userName': 'Wilde Poet', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 10, 5, 54, 6)}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'RomeJaye', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 1, 22, 53, 18), 'review': 'Monopoly has been my favorite game since childhood. I wasn’t gonna purchase the season pass but after playing it and love the graphics, gameplay, etc I just had too. I was playing one night at work and I said what would be so hot if they had it to where you can cast it to your tv (Big Screen) and play. Please consider that as an option that would be so fun', 'title': 'Casting'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tricia2k11', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 12, 21, 39), 'review': 'Overall I really enjoy the game. My only concern is while playing multiplayer, the game freezes. The music will continue to play as if the game is still good to go, but none of the players move and trades or purchases do not pop up. And there is no way to recover and fix it without quitting the entire game. One thing I would like to see is a chat feature. We are spending hours playing with random people in pure silence.', 'title': 'Glitchy but good'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PhillyStan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 3, 3, 16), 'review': 'There’s a glitch when trying to purchase houses for Virginia and States Avenue.  When you try to buy a house for either of those properties you can’t because the button you need to press on to actually buy a house expands and covers both of those properties up making it impossible to actually buy a house for either property making buying the purple properties pointless until this can be repaired.', 'title': 'Glitch'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Megper12', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 20, 30, 26), 'review': 'This game works well, but when playing with friends online there should be a pause option, and a texting feature. Whenever someone leaves and AI takes over, and or it glitches. If there was a messaging option, and pausing the game the game could go on between the players. I don’t think and AI should take over if someone switches apps to check a text, or receive a phone call. \n\nOtherwise the game is great!', 'title': 'Monopoly'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Moe Doleh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 16, 31, 5), 'review': 'I will never understand why they can’t make the dice rolls truly random. If you get ahead too fast in this game you will magically roll yourself into jail multiple times so you don’t get too far ahead. It’s so obvious, when I got a property monopoly before my first time around the board, I then went to jail 4 times in a ROW by rolling myself on to the go to jail spot slowing me down dramatically because I couldn’t get enough money from going around go. Just make the game random no need to rig it so other players can catch up. Literally doesn’t make sense.', 'title': 'Game is not random'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'vb9595', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 21, 16, 46, 48), 'review': 'FANTASTIC replication of the real traditional board game but every time i get a notification or accidentally close the app, i get kicked out of the game or disconnected. Makes it really hard to play multi-player with my friends online because we dont always have the time to sit and play with no interruptions. Really frustrating when you have a good game going and a text pops up and you lose your game. Hope this gets fixed soon!', 'title': 'Glitches'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ten Double Zero', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 12, 49, 45), 'review': 'Hey everyone, I’m gonna be that person that says the last version was better. I will not upgrade my iPhone because I don’t want to lose that version.\n\nThat being said, I like this version.\nI like the smarter AI, they negotiate better\nI like that AI trades are exposed in real time\nThe graphics are unnecessarily better \nThey have tokens that are not relevant (seriously, a T-rex, how does it fit in a hotel)\n\n Here are some things that can (and will over time, hopefully) will be improved.\n-Speeding up AI moves\n-Statistics, yes I need validation that I previously won.\n-No, don’t try to figure out that I quit the game because I was about to lose. That’s like real life when players throw the board\n-Also I haven’t seen the “Go three spaces back” card yet? That is essential! \n\nHack on!\nKunther', 'title': 'The previous Monopoly app was better'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BeccaRose1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 22, 6, 4, 44), 'review': 'I absolutely love everything about this app, minus the applicable aspect of it. Realistically, no one can sit on their phone for an extended period of time, let alone for an entire monopoly game. If you okay with friends, it disconnects you from the match, even if you accidentally swipe up to roll the dice too low on your screen, and it takes you home, or to settings (iPhones). There needs to be a fix where you can leave the match for a period of time, and maybe allow push notifications when your turn is up. Not disconnect. I have YET to finish an entire game with friends, and I have attempted dozens.', 'title': 'Unrealistic Expectations'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '_Snacob_', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 3, 26, 23), 'review': 'Sometimes when I’m playing friends, when they leave during the match, the game starts to load and doesn’t stop.  In this instance one person left because she didn’t feel like playing any more, so she was replaced by an A.I.  Eventually another other person left, because they went bankrupt.  It started to load and didn’t stop.  Still really enjoyed the game and was definitely worth my money.', 'title': 'Infinite Loading'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MrAwesomeDude618', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 24, 5, 39, 32), 'review': 'I’ve played ten games on the online with friends and in every single one at some point in the game the person i’m playing or myself has our game freeze and are unable to complete any actions to further progress the game and we’re stuck and just have to quit. it’s very frustrating to get so far into a game and to just have it fail on us. for 3.99 it just seems like these issues shouldn’t exist. As a suggestion it would make auctions work smoother if you can raise the bid to a higher number than just the increments the game provides.', 'title': 'Freezing issues'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mwhdbisiaibxhaj', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 1, 37, 21), 'review': 'Good game until you do anything else with your phone even if you accidentally hit power button to sleep it or open your texts to return a text, the app Boots you from the game when you try to go back into the app to continue playing...I tried playing online with friends and we could never get half way through a game because one of us would go to a different app, when you try to go back to game it says “you have been disconnected” like are you kidding me, monopoly is a really long game there’s no way I’m gonna sit in the app for 2 hours without going to return a text or something.', 'title': 'Kicks you out!!'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ashleyglougie', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 18, 9, 22), 'review': 'This game is fun when it works. It’s still a bit laggy and buggy. There’s times the match won’t load and you can’t play. You’ll have your wifi on to play multiplayer but it won’t let you play. You can try joining a online multiplayer match and it’ll go straight to the board screen with no icons. Online multiplayer is still very buggy, as well as the regular. I should’ve waited it out until the game was absolutely ready for the public to play. This was released too early.', 'title': 'Released too early'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12213285, 'body': 'Hi. We are very sorry to hear that. Our team is already aware of some issues with the game and has been working on an update that should fix them. Please bear with us a little longer as we intend to release it very soon. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. Kind regards.', 'modified': '2019-12-04T16:59:17Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ayeeeswagggg', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 11, 7, 3), 'review': 'I have been a supporter and long time player of this wonderful game made by the world renowned Parker Brothers and is now under Hasbro. As I went into this game and spent a hefty 3.99 I was filled with excitement for an online version I could be able to enjoy with friends. I was deeply disappointed when I tried playing 3 games and every single one crashed. I’m left in shock at the lack of quality to say the least. The fact that the game also crashes if any member playing leaves to respond to a notification is unsatisfactory. I love the game concept but this game needs a lot of improvement from the creators.', 'title': 'Game glitches on online play'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lilsteven01', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 14, 2, 2, 25), 'review': 'I don’t like the fact that you can’t change the settings on online multiplayer I would like the option to automatically start off with 3 properties and other features as you would computer mode I say that because some players conspire with other to lock you out from getting other properties I have seen people selling properties for $1 dollar and it screws up the game this game needs to be somewhat fair add that option please because those features would insure that 1 of those properties might be something that player needs', 'title': 'People are cheating and being unfairly in the game'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'WesOfGreenfeild', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 6, 6, 25), 'review': 'It’s monopoly and monopoly is amazing. But it’s very buggy usually when one player goes bankrupt and it comes back to their turn nothing happens for the rest of the game. The remaining players can still talk but it will never pass the turn. This has happened many times. It also forces you to mortgage when you owe money instead of trade in house rules and regular. If these were both fixed would give 5 stars for sure. Definitely worth the money.', 'title': 'Good but lots of bugs'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mixedsopretty', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 19, 4, 21, 42), 'review': 'The game is fun just like the original board game. The online feature is great. The few things I don’t like is when I accidentally get out of the game by checking a text message or looking at the time it freezes for too long and I’d like it if it kept a tally of how many games I’ve won and id like to be able to win new pawns or something. Just make it a little more active with in the game. Otherwise the app is perfect :)', 'title': 'Classic fun game'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'curiousincv', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 8, 0, 12, 9), 'review': 'How hard is it to read the rules of the game? Apparently it’s too hard for the app developers. Here are a few things I noticed that are WRONG! 1) Chance and Community Chance are to be shuffled and dealt one at a time from the deck (NOT randomly selected on each draw). 2) If a double is not thrown on third turn in jail, you CAN still play a Get Out of Jail free card. 3) After bankrupting another player you do NOT pay a 10% penalty for properties you choose to leave mortgaged. 4) Your turn ends immediately when sent to jail; you are not allowed to do things like improving properties on that turn.', 'title': 'Implement the official rules!!!'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sjjshehduushsjjsidh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 8, 7, 0, 22), 'review': 'This is a very well made app and a very fun game. A game of monopoly can take anywhere from 1-3 hours, that’s why I’m disappointed, I’m readily reaching the 2, 2 1/2 hour mark and I am winning, $2959 - $17, this is when the game brings back the old bankrupt player and says that it’s his turn. I wait for the timer to run out but, it doesn’t, I spent 2 1/2 hours playing a game just to have an issue and essentially freeze at the last few minutes of the game? Devs, please address this bug.', 'title': 'Extremely Dissapointing'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dkac', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 9, 4, 44), 'review': "I played with random people, everything seems to work,played against the computer as well.  Only thing is I wish there was a history button. Would be nice to see what people did last turn, or what there card was,the trade deal. Also I don't like the idea of them trying to sell you extra things tokens should be free. Plus you can not choose your color. Or if you can it's not obvious how.", 'title': 'Good so far'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cruggieri', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 1, 23, 47, 55), 'review': 'Have had several instances with online multiplayer where the opponent will stall during their turn without leaving, resulting in a standstill for all other players. This is incredibly frustrating (and seems like a tactic used when the player is losing). Please make these users time out so that others can resume the game. These games take a lot of time so it’s frustrating when it goes to waste. \n\nAlso, in game chat would be a great feature to add.', 'title': 'Need to kick out inactive players'}, {'title': 'The auctions & online quick play', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 15, 22, 55, 47), 'review': 'This  game is flawless for the most part. Only problem I have is when I play online sometimes when they do the auctions it won’t pop up on my phone it would just cut to the next players turn. Secondly this game should have a feature that lets you customize the online game rules even if it is a quick game.', 'userName': 'ElvonshaK'}, {'title': 'Too many bugs to be a paid game', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 23, 19, 38), 'review': 'Although I enjoy playing the game with random players, it’s disappointing to pay for a game and send codes to join the room and it NEVER works.  Would like to be able to play with people I know but have only been able to do so twice. I think some updates need to be made to improved player access. If I didn’t pay for it I would delete it and find another game. I wish another developer had a better version available', 'userName': 'MsTiaraF'}, {'title': 'Great game!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 4, 2, 20, 34), 'review': 'It’s just like the board game, and a lot faster too! There is also a speed mode if you are in a rush and have about 30 mins to spare. There is a pass and play mode too so if you are on a road trip or something then you can pass it around the car and have slot of fun making your friends or family bankrupt! I absolutely love this game and I think it was worth every cent!', 'userName': 'LOHPotter'}, {'title': 'Should have been free with ads', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 22, 12, 43, 24), 'review': 'You’re not buying a complete board set with this purchase. I love monopoly and play this game a lot, but I only get to finish maybe 1/3 of the games I start, because gameplay just stops on someone’s turn. I saw other people mentioning it on other reviews too, but paid for the game anyways. I could have spend the money on a game that actually works and been more satisfied watching ads to play Monopoly and knowing I didn’t pay for something that doesn’t work.', 'userName': 'B. Donovan'}, {'title': 'Very disappointing!', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 15, 26, 14), 'review': 'I’ve played 10 online with friends games. I’ve only been able to complete 1 of them before the game glitches out. And that was a custom game designed to be super quick to see if you would ever get to see the finish of a game. Definitely not worth $3.99 which is disappointing considering that when the game works it is so much fun! Especially when playing hard AI’s. You get so invested into your game and start to feel like you’re about to win only to have the developers of this app rip your heart out and throw it against a wall.', 'userName': 'zee8908'}, {'title': 'Board Game yes', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 3, 16, 52), 'review': 'I have missed this game so much and i love the auto rules to help you out and the option to make custom rules. Also, my one draw back which i hope the developers read this, is please oh please make the player pieces animated!!!! Instead of moving like typical boring pieces, animate them and be creative!!! I’ve wanted that for the longest time and was a little sad not to see it. Other than that, amazing game!!', 'userName': 'TitanicEcho'}, {'title': 'BIG BUG', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 17, 15, 40), 'review': 'Ok I am on mobile and if I litterly do anything I get disconnected my home button is broken so I use the assistive touch and when I press it, disconnected if I go to let’s say turn my brightness down my swiping from the bottom of my screen, disconnected, if my phone pops up saying I have low battery I get disconnected that is only like half of them and I have been in games that take like and hour and I am doing really good then a message pops up on my phone and I get disconnected it’s awful the game is amazing definitely a good game just this needs to be fixed', 'userName': 'Lil colio polio'}, {'title': 'App switching or phone lock causes multiplayer disconnect', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 10, 43, 16), 'review': 'My wife and I were excited to be able to play the new Monopoly on our iPhones as we go about our days. Unfortunately, this is impossible because the game disconnects any time you switch to another app or when the phone locks. I can’t imagine any two or more people being able to play a game that can take hours without needing to switch to another app at some point or even accidentally.\n\nThe single player is fantastic, but multiplayer is broken due to disconnects IMO. This is a game meant to be played with friends and right now that’s impossible.', 'userName': 'shaneplaysdrums'}, {'title': 'Fun game, if you can actually play it', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 5, 41, 59), 'review': 'This is a really fun game. However, I have not been able to finish a single online multiplayer match.  It usually happens about 20 minutes into the match - one person’s turn will go on forever! I waited for someone’s turn to end for 10 minutes before I finally quit out of the game.\n\nThe mechanics of the game are really smooth, and I was actually quite impressed with how quickly the pace of the game was.\n\nThat being said, no matter how good looking the game is, if you can’t finish a single game it is not worth playing.', 'userName': 'BIG_CAT96'}, {'title': 'Fun game but NOT random', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 23, 6, 45), 'review': 'There is no way this game is “random.” Not a chance. Just like other commenters have pointed out, things appear to be random initially—until at least one player has bankrupted. Then, the computers are able to avoid your monopolies at ALL COST! It makes the game feel like it is dragging, plus you (as the human player) always hit the monopolies that belong to the computer/AI. It’s so frustrating. Developer, Please look at this more closely. If this many people are saying the same thing, it can’t be a coincidence.', 'userName': 'Kinglyyyyy'}, {'title': 'I did receive all 4 games!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16060039, 'body': 'Hey! thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that you were able to download all games! We do apologize for the trouble, and if you ever have any more please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We are here to help!', 'modified': '2020-06-18T05:30:14Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 20, 54, 42), 'review': 'I was very hesitant to buy the bundle because everyone said not all of them downloaded. Then I read a review where someone said if your missing a game out of the Monopoly, Clue, Battleship and Life bundle, that it will show up in the cloud, where your able to successfully download the games. This turned out to be true . I’m very happy with each game in the bundle.', 'userName': 'Mommaof3Princesses'}, {'title': 'Can’t finish a game', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12298555, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing connectivity problems and are working hard to fix them. You can expect an update soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-09T16:55:40Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 19, 43, 5), 'review': 'Idk if people are leaving and there are no computers to play for people who leave during game...or if it’s not up to date w my device? I am playing on iphone s and bought app today played 10 games and only finished 1 all the way to the end! very annoying! Especially when you buy both boardwalk and park place! This is an edit if y’all so close to an update and so many ppl complaining you need to either refund us so we can play a finished game or do a small update like YESTERDAY!', 'userName': 'frootiekisses'}, {'title': 'Classic Monopoly! Overall fun... with some issues', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 20, 20, 56), 'review': 'Needs some bug fixes. It tends to freeze when playing in Multi-player online mode. I haven’t been able to finish a game in that mode yet. Sometimes also while playing in single player mode. Other than that very fun game. I love how you can customize the rules into the ones we all love. Can’t wait to play with friends! 😌👏🏿\n\nAlso, should add an online chat session. Honestly, it makes the game.', 'userName': "StixzN'Shadez"}, {'title': '$30+ of IN-APP PURCHASES!?!? Really?', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 4, 54, 13), 'review': '- There are in-app purchases... If you purchase the game thinking you got the full experience, think again.\n\n- This game only includes city-style boards, NOT the classic more minimalist-style board. This makes the screen very cluttered and makes it difficult to quickly be aware of the buttons.\n\n- There’s no option to simply go bankrupt even though you have the money. It forces you to continue playing and pay the opponent.\n\n- Unlike the old Monopoly for iOS, you CAN’T ZOOM in on the board when you want to do build, mortgage, etc. So if you have a smaller display, you have to be VERY precise with your touch in order to select the properties you want when trading, building, etc. This gets incredibly annoying.\n\nConclusion:\nIt’s a decent monopoly experience. It just feels very cash-grabby right now and slightly incomplete. There’s minor things that make me go “oh that’s pretty neat!”, but then I’m reminded by the points I’ve listed above.', 'userName': 'JadonB'}, {'title': 'Great Game but Still Freezes', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23697143, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to improve Monopoly's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-07-01T14:52:54Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 7, 23), 'review': 'I love the online format. My friends and I love playing over zoom. Game still freezes up in the middle of a game enough to be notable and annoying. I’ve noticed freezing in about 1 out of 5 games. Canned chat response is meh because you can’t explain and negotiate deals, but anyone that has played online gaming can see why they don’t have free text chat. Dice algorithm seems unfair and unrealistic. Please continue to work on the stability of the game. This is my only real gripe.', 'userName': 'Aero 2k+9'}, {'title': 'Buggy & Glitchy; missing common sense features', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 18, 36, 29), 'review': 'This game is a fun time waster, but maybe every 5 games you or someone else will glitch and get stuck in some netherland where the game neither advances or boots you, lingering on infinitely.\n\nI\'ve also had seemingly upset players delay a game infinitely out of spite simply by putting their phone aside and refusing to roll.   5 minutes later the other three of us are all sitting there waiting, and can\'t do anything other than abandon the game and take an "L"\n\nThere should be a feature that boots people after long delays or lets you reset the game.\n\nWould also be nice if there were more than 4 players potentially and it kept statistics of wins and losses!\n\nright now, I\'m writing this review because I\'m stuck in limbo and cannot seem to either re-start a game or exit the one that glitched on me.  Maybe I\'ll never be able to play again?', 'userName': 'Big Bob with Noname'}, {'title': 'Disappointed', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22852968, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Also, a timer is already implemented to avoid players holding up the match indefinitely by replacing them with an AI. The issue seems to be a general disconnection, being caused by the heavy traffic load that our multiplayer servers are receiving. We are on it and will release updates until the game works as intended for everyone. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-05-17T13:14:57Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 15, 17, 15, 13), 'review': 'I have played 3 games on 3 different occasions where players will literally just leave the game on and not play. There should be a kick option or if they haven’t given up their turn within 3 minutes it goes to the next player. I mean this is ridiculous. Also why on house rules free parking doesn’t allow you to collect all the money the players pay on taxes? That’s a good one you should add.', 'userName': 'Flappy LOVER😘'}, {'title': 'Good game. Bad price', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 25, 17, 31, 49), 'review': 'The game is okay wish there was a way to speed up so you didn’t have to watch AI gameplays. Dice rolling doesn’t seem random at all. I always roll doubles 3 times every game usually more then once. The season price pass is absolutely ridiculous at $35 USD. I would pay no more then 10 bucks for all the boards and pieces. And the price per board is ridiculous as well 7 bucks a board i would consider 1.99 a fair price. I have never seen another app or game charging $35 for complete access.', 'userName': 'kdh7'}, {'title': 'Lots of cheating, no way to report players', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 26, 3, 48, 59), 'review': 'Don’t buy this app, it’s full of cheating and unfair gameplay but without the ability to do anything about it.\n\nI’ve had 3 games in a row where people cheated and ruined the game by bankrupting themselves on purpose and giving all their properties to another player for $1 in a trade. I spend so long playing the game fairly to make it to the end just for it to be ruined abruptly by a random online player. And there’s no way to report these players in-game at all, so they just keep doing it and ruining other games too?? I can’t believe I paid money for this app.', 'userName': 'Jentter'}, {'title': 'Fun but....', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 9, 21, 10, 34), 'review': 'So me and my brother love to play this together on the multiplayer mode and since the most recent update that “helps the multiplayer work better” midway through ALL (and I mean all) of the games one of us will press “end turn” and it will freeze and nothing we do can fix it. It’s fun while the game lasts but when it stops it’s just... yea. Hopefully they’ll fix this because other then that and the lag it’s a really great game.\n\nUpdate: It’s MANY months later this hasn’t been fixed', 'userName': 'Isabellebob'}, {'review': 'This game is the Perfect pass time when you have some time kill. Love playing with other people around the world, with my wife when we got time. I love that they add NEW tokens and boards. But I will say we need an update so we can track our overall wins and losses. To see if I can beat my total wealth from my last game. 🧐', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love this Game ! But we need a tracker so We can see how many WINS and LOSSES WE GOT🧐', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 25, 15, 3, 10), 'userName': 'bara3634'}, {'review': 'I am  sorry I can’t give the game a 5 there a few things that need to be worked out. I don’t understand why when playing with friends you can only have four players. This should be just like the board game, all the tokens should be able to be played. \n\nAlso since there are custom rules please add that the host can remove someone from the game or pause the game. I have had to leave a game to many times because after 5 minutes the person I am playing has either fallen asleep or just not moved and the entire game is frozen. This happens when I am playing with my friends who fall asleep as well.\n\nI was disappointed when I bought the Paris theme thought it would be a little different but.\n\nPlease add in more custom rules.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love the game', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 21, 42, 3), 'userName': 'PacificFront'}, {'review': 'Downloaded the game because it seemed like an awesome way to pass the time. My first 2 game’s went amazing. Had a lot of fun won one and lost the next. \nThen the game started to freeze in the middle of games! More specifically it happens when a trade is rejected or a player leaves. The game does not properly take over and instead of a timer and AI taking over the game just stalls. Only thing you can do is quit and start over. Its frustrating... seems like they were doing good and when it came to bugs Hasbro had budget cuts and Larry the Intern took over the project.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I would tell you about the game but it’s froz..............', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 7, 4, 46), 'userName': 'tacomaster92'}, {'review': 'The game is definitely worth the money but it has some serious connectivity issues. The developer should change the reconnection behavior. When someone temporarily disconnects from the game (app crash etc) they immediately replace them with an AI and give them no option to reconnect to the game. This issue, and the app crashes make it almost impossible to play online. I’ve tested it on various iPhones (11 Pro, XS Max and 6S Plus).', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Connection Issues', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 26, 21, 9, 6), 'userName': 'drewfgs'}, {'review': 'I recently purchased this game and it’s has been a lot of fun! However, almost every multiplayer game without fail freezes part way through. The majority of the games I have played have randomly gotten stuck and the only way to fix it is to quit the game. This is SO frustrating, especially when you’re almost an hour into a game and it’s all for nothing. I rarely ever purchase games, so when I do decide to pay for a game I expect it to function properly.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but Buggy', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 3, 53, 36), 'userName': 'Anc1108'}, {'review': 'There are still a bugs that haven’t been fixed in the recent updates.\n\n-I’ve tried multiple times and can not get the player to player lobby to work despite both people having purchased the game\n\n-Some online opponents have been able to build houses on a set without having all the tiles. I’ve noticed this specifically on the light blue tiles in the bottom left of the board.\n\n-The connective issues still exist and I am still only able to complete only about 50% of games in online multiplayer. \n\n-The play timers don’t appear to always work and the game can freeze for minutes on end, which often ends in a boot.\n\nAll that being said, the game is well designed and a very true adaptation of the traditional board game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Still a few bugs', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 4, 2, 8, 20), 'userName': 'sbm284'}, {'review': "I've always enjoyed a monopoly game. There are several glitches from Single Player | Online Multiplayer | Online With Friends. Such as consistent disconnects. If a text message enters and you check it in less than 30 seconds you're affected also same goes for my other three friends that downloaded this game based on my recommendation that has proven a failure. \nWe currently are using iPhone XR-6 | Note 9x2. I've reset & reinstalled the application nothing seems to work and yes software is up to date including the signal & not connected to wifi.", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'GREAT GAME POOR PERFORMANCE', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 14, 9, 48, 37), 'userName': 'PWNMEORBEPWN'}, {'review': 'Could be an amazing and fun experience, but it is incredibly frustrating with all the bugs, glitches and lock ups.  Haven’t completed one whole game yet that it didn’t lock up at some point. Often have to quit and start over. Getting old quickly!!\n\nI can’t believe I paid for this as it is practically unplayable and for the time commitment it takes to finish a full game, is unacceptable. \n\nWhy does the game freeze so much?  Is it idle players or players who get bored or frustrated and leave?  If so, then eliminate them from the game or have a timeout. Seriously, this is ridiculous for the cost.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Lots of glitches', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 7, 36, 20), 'userName': 'Lizadaze'}, {'review': 'Spend some of the money that we paid you folks and upgrade your servers and fix the bugs. I really would like my money back because I’ve played this game several times and can never finish it because of being dropped, and then there is no way to reconnect with your game. This reconnect should be a PRIORITY for a paid game, and it shouldn’t be a big problem to fix! Also, game pieces randomly disappear from the board then don’t return until it’s your turn again. \nThe good graphics and scoring/trading systems don’t mean squat if you’re always being dropped and have to start over.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very Frustrating', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 2, 45, 1), 'userName': 'Shackpapa'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12494311, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:18:59Z'}, 'review': 'This is well designed and I enjoy playing it, especially on easy or medium. My biggest complaint is the dice. The dice should match the randomness of real dice. I haven’t played monopoly in years, but it doesn’t feel right. I like that the game can be played at different levels of difficulty; but it seems like the only real difference is the roll of the dice. The more difficult the level, the more the dice rolls favor the “ai”. Too bad; otherwise a great game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'CalmDice206', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 3, 17, 22), 'userName': 'Dallenlee'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 24112437, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are aware of this bug and working towards fixing it along with all the other issues that have been reported by our players. You can expect an update very soon! Our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2021-07-25T12:54:42Z'}, 'review': 'This was a great game, and up until 2 days ago I never needed to have an active internet connection to play it.  Since the update on July 21st 2021 was installed, this game will not load and start without an active internet connection.  Why did you make this change?  There are lots of places where you won’t always have an internet connection such as trains and planes, and this was a good way to pass the time if there.  Please remove this unnecessary restriction and go back to allowing the app to load without an internet connection.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Why does the July 21st 2021 update require an internet connection', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 20, 54, 15), 'userName': 'Mjkosterguy'}, {'review': 'Since the most recent upgrade, the gameplay has started to feel rigged. This makes sense for someone losing to say, right? Of course, but dice rolls and chance cards of computers provide more favorable outcomes now. I’ve noticed that there will always be one CPU with a lucky chance of accumulating property and dollars that’s unrealistic. It happens game after game.\n\nIn one game, I owned all the property except for one color set. The CPU went around the board 14 times before landing on any of my property. I landed on their property each time. I even have this screen recorded\n\nMy business assumption is that it keep players playing until they win (low chance), in which either the developers behind this app hope can bet on more in-app purchases.\n\nUltimately, it takes away from the experience and causes more frustration. Switching to another mindless game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Algorithm rigged since upgrade.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 27, 20, 10, 40), 'userName': 'Darkest Fantasy'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18353513, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-08T14:59:29Z'}, 'review': 'Never been big on monopoly really, but this pretty fun!\n\nEdit: still fun the game could use some upgrades. How about the ability to keep up with stats?! Like how often we win first place, or which properties we land on and build houses on the most... stuff like that. And being able to earn rewards to get some extra game pieces would be cool too.', 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Really addictive', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 24, 6, 25, 17), 'userName': 'Cheekz89'}, {'review': 'Would be nice to have a mode or option to switch on for true random number generator instead of the algo. Maybe the game play is less exciting with random dice. but it doesn’t hold your attention when you know what to expect. Also, 3 players being controlled by one computer is very transparent as well. It is clear that they aren’t looking out for themselves but rather you are up against a team of three who will trade to sacrifice some to advance one. this happens in real life games too, but not as often as every game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Random Dice please', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 3, 59, 58), 'userName': 'Magneticnorth124789'}, {'review': 'Ok this game is ok except it says you can play with ppl online but I’m not stupid. Every game I play I have my opponents making retarded trades. Accepting to give a property to someone who already has two (making him have a full set) for something dumb( like One property even if he doesn’t have the other) put us with live player and this will be better. It’s no wonder why there’s no chat option  at least make the AI smarter', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Play with ppl online? Nope', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 1, 56, 18), 'userName': 'eddie shady'}, {'review': 'For an app that you have to buy, you would think developers would have taken the time to make sure pieces actually move the amount of spaces they roll. \nIn one game, there’s been at least 6 times an AI has moved 10 spaces when they rolled 9, 8 spaces when they roll 7 and 4 spaces when they roll 3.\nIt only happens on those numbers.\nAlso, deals shouldn’t be programmed for AI to offer trades to other AI before real players when the real player has a property in a color set they need.\nEspecially for property with less value. \nI’ve shared property with (P) and then shared property with (B). (P) lands on the last property of the color set I share with (B) and makes a trade with (B) for a railroad when (G) has the other 3 railroads and no other properties in a set that (P) has.  \nOther than those 2 issues, the game is great fun.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Glitches too often', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 31, 18, 53, 24), 'userName': 'Chrissy1204'}, {'review': 'If you click out of a multiplayer game for a second to answer a text, delete an email, or do anything at all, it forces you to reconnect and miss a turn. I’ve also played countless online games that have just frozen or who knows what. The music just plays and no one goes. Not having a chat feature is exceptionally limiting as well. If you’re playing by yourself against the computer, the game is pretty solid.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Don’t waste your money until bugs are fixed', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 15, 3, 4), 'userName': 'PoorWalt'}, {'review': 'The game freezes in the middle of very long games causing you to lose all your progress wasting hours. There’s no way to distinguish if the other “online players” are actually people or bots. The high price only gets you one map. Each additional map cost money. It’s fun for one game if it makes it through a entire game without crashing that is. The reason you see so many positive reviews is they ask you if you enjoy it and if you say yes they promptly ask you to leave a review. If you say no they do not prompt you to leave a review. Very disappointed. 1/10', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not worth it. Do not pay for this.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 7, 8, 14, 55), 'userName': 'readbeforebuy'}, {'review': 'Great game and reminds me of my childhood. But this needs two crucial updates in my opinion. The first is a leaderboard of some sorts, or stats(wins/loss). This will keep the players interested in the game in the long run.\n\nThe second crucial update is putting a timer on everything. Sometimes when people are losing, they leave an online game, and the timer stops and nobody can do anything. Find a solution to what to do when someone leaves a game. I don’t know how many games I couldn’t finish because of this reason.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game but needs 2 major improvements', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 2, 50, 43), 'userName': 'Cape_0live'}, {'review': 'Seeing this is computerized not us throwing the dice, but the computer doing it for us. I noticed there is always one player who wipes out everyone with no problem, they get the best cards to collect and win money, pass goes and landing on all the properties to buy up first before others. Last game I played literally everytime I rolled the dice I landed on everything but a property. Chance card pay money, next roll land mystery box pay dues, next roll land on go to jail. I barely landed on any property thus not giving me a chance to buy anything. I don’t think this is really a fair game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Noticed game favors certain players', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 23, 47, 53), 'userName': 'uliesesgirl'}, {'title': 'LOVE IT!!!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 23, 21, 39, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21864284, 'body': 'Hello! Thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to hear you enjoy the game! Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve Monopoly, as we are constantly monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. Feel free to contact us at help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2021-03-25T12:21:28Z'}, 'userName': 'GlitzNGore', 'review': 'I LOVE THIS APP!!! My sister never wants to play Monopoly with me lol so I downloaded this app instead. I LOVE IT! I spent at least an hour a day playing! I love that you can pay for the Season Pass and you unlock all of the new boards and pieces even if it is a little pricey. I love that you can play with others online and even choose your own game rules! If you love Monopoly, you will love the app! 10/10 HIGHLY RECOMMEND! 💕'}, {'title': 'GAME KEPT CRASHING MID GAME!', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 21, 28, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bruhhhhhhbahhh', 'review': 'It was working for awhile then I updated the app and it all went down the hole. After update the game kept stopping mid game and it would just freeze up. Tired couple of times and all the same results mid game. What pisses me off is that I would have time invested and paid for this app, I don’t understand how a simple game like this is having so much issues while there’s much more complicated games out there that runs much smoother. Also “online play” is definitely not with real people.'}, {'title': 'DON’T BUY!!!!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 6, 18, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PicStar518', 'review': 'Where to begin?! For starters, you can’t bring friends into an online multiplayer game against other REAL players unless you connect to a match at the same time. MAJOR DESIGN FLAW! Secondly, after syncing up games in order to play with a friend online, the AI COMPLETELY took over my friends REAL  actions and thwarted the game! On top of that we both ended playing two completely different games while something was controlling our actions! How is that even possible! I’m convinced all the “online” players are either AI or workers for the actual game! DISGUSTING! $3.99!?!? Are you serious! ABSOLUTELY SHAMEFUL! Some one needs to be fired immediately!'}, {'title': 'Will be amazing once bugs are fixed', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 12, 20, 56), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DistinKt3', 'review': 'The classic game we know & love. However, some key areas need be solved before spending your money on its. First, you will struggle to finish a game due to glitching. Usually, an opponent would finish a turn, and the AI never moves to the next turn, causing you to start over. Second, the system being used to determine dice rolls is not at all random and typically sides with 1-2 users while the others tend to have bad rolls. Once these issues are addressed, I will return to play again. Would not recommend you buy until a more recent update for bug fixes has been released'}, {'title': 'Love the game but crashes a lot', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 3, 58, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'WEs Writer', 'review': 'Ok I always wanna play monopoly but everybody always says no because they think it will take too long, now I can play as much as I want. The only two things that keep me from giving it 5 stars is sometimes to game glitches and freezes. Save and quit and come back and it will continue to freeze. Also there’s a multiplayer online function but I can never match with other players'}, {'title': 'Trading is Broken', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 4, 24, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12342461, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are aware of this bug and working on fixing it along all the other issues that have been reported by our players. You can expect an update soon! Our apologies for the inconvenience.', 'modified': '2019-12-11T15:47:00Z'}, 'userName': 'DuncanMinutz', 'review': 'Played a couple of “pass and play” matches with friends and experienced issues with the trading mechanic. Seems to be a bug that prevents the trade initiator from selecting who they want to trade with. As player 1, I was only able to trade with player 3 and vice versa. When trade was selected, said player window popped up automatically with no option to choose a different candidate. Player 2, however, was able to select any party.'}, {'title': 'Fun but not random', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 3, 19, 42, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DD Turtle', 'review': 'Fun to play the classic board game and most features are great. But…dice rolls are most definitely not random. I have played over ten games and hit the pay for houses and hotels multiple times yet never has an AI hit those cards. Also, many of the cards where a player is supposed to pay other players, never actually pays the other players. A few glitches to work out but otherwise a fun pastime.'}, {'title': 'Kept disconnecting player', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 20, 22, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '--CS--', 'review': 'Was playing with friends and it kept disconnecting one of the players and telling them they couldn’t rejoin until the next turn. This happened on their turn and then the game had to be ended because play couldn’t continued. Each couple paid $3.99 for a game that couldn’t be played to the end the first time.'}, {'title': 'Disappointing - Freezes 2 out of 3 times played', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 26, 21, 30, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20700694, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are saddened to hear that you experienced this freezing problem while playing our Monopoly game. We completely understand how frustrating this can be. We are actively listening to our players’ feedback regarding connection instability and game freezes and are doing everything in our power to address them. We desire only the best gaming experience for our players and won’t rest until all known issues are resolved.\r\n\r\nIf you have any questions please send us a message to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. \r\n', 'modified': '2021-01-28T05:52:41Z'}, 'userName': 'Job28BC', 'review': 'Considering the games takes so long to play, the fact that this app freezes two out of three times halfway through a game and everyone has to quit, is severely disappointing. With so many people writing negative reviews, you would think that the design studio would put people to work in testing their apps before they release another bad version. But we’re going to their site their captions didn’t work and you couldn’t send in any information via their contact forms. The Marmalade Software group has soured.'}, {'title': 'Don’t waste your money', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 17, 18, 43, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Aloe~', 'review': 'Honestly if you want to play this game, just play it with your family. I was so excited to play monopoly and bought the game. It’s completely rigged. The numbers are not random at all. It seems like the game almost picks one player to win. I wish I could get my money back because I didn’t think I was paying to play a game you won’t win. The game also crashes periodically. You won’t be able to end your turn until you leave the game but if you leave you won’t be able to join again.'}, {'title': 'Glitchy', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 5, 17, 50, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lula jae', 'review': 'I’m not sure if it’s the new update. Whenever someone tries to make a deal with me it declines it like I’m not actually playing the game, like there is a computer taking my place. I can still roll myself and purchase property myself but when it comes down to deals it’ll automatically decline it for me. It’s quite frustrating when I never had this issue before this update. I’m not sure what’s going on but it saddens me. I hope this issue can me resolved soon.'}, {'title': 'Great game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 4, 8, 11, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Andrejones17', 'review': 'This game is super fun just like the board game (I always win) I just wish there was a way to track stats like: games played, games won, highest wealth, fastest game, longest game, cumulative wealth, cumulative rent paid, etc. that would be so cool to see because I’ve played probably 50 games and won about 45 of them even on Hard difficulty I feel that the AI is too easy. Or maybe I’m too good hmmm'}, {'title': 'Horrible Bugs and fixes', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 3, 34, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'RomanAlex424', 'review': 'Great game as we all know for one this game only allows 4 players where the game in its original allows up to 8 players. The game consistently becomes frozen in the middle of every single game. For what I paid for this game it is not worth it and should have been free to begin with especially with all the bugs that needs to be fix. While playing the game you have to be connected to WiFi and turn off all cellular data because any text or phone call will interrupt the game causing it to be frozen or restart.'}, {'title': 'Great potential but unplayable glitches', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 7, 4, 59, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Thebarnabe', 'review': 'This was a blast except that my girlfriend and I couldn’t finish a single multiplayer online game due to the glitches that stop play and make it so that a player can’t complete their turn because no options are available. We would get to a fair point in the game with trades made and hotels in place but then for no reason the game would stop playing. The AI takeover is also completely unfair and causes more glitches. This is unreasonable for a game that I paid 4 dollars for and normally love to play. I would love to give 5 stars when the problems are fixed and addressed.'}, {'title': 'Poor for playing with friends', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 1, 17, 50, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23178256, 'body': 'Hello! Thank you for the review! We are currently working on a feature that will allow players to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. Thank you for your patience and apologies for the inconvenience. - Feel free to reach out at help@marmalademail.com for direct support! Thank you!', 'modified': '2021-06-03T15:02:22Z'}, 'userName': 'Walt diggity', 'review': 'We bought this to play with family and friends, but oddly, there is no way to pause and come back to the game   If anyone can’t keep playing for the entire game, it basically just ends.   No way to pick up where you left off. Pretty much all other games out there let someone take their turn when they can, even if their turn is 10 minutes later or the next day or next week.  It would be great in a perfect world that everyone can stop everything for an hour or more, but that just isn’t realistic'}, {'title': 'Rigged', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 17, 20, 56, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'chazzymaster444', 'review': 'This game is rigged if you play the against the AI! It’s almost impossible to win non of the players will land on your property’s especially if you have houses or hotels and if you don’t trade with the AI it just gets worse it’s completely unfair. The game will keep you you going in the same loop landing on the same spots until you run out of all your money it’s just not fun. iv been winning and iv had thousands of dollars but somehow the AI will come back and beat me even if I own almost every single property. Whoever programmed the AI made the game completely useless, unplayable and no where near what actual monopoly would be like.'}, {'title': 'Improve Online Experience', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 6, 58, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mo $$$', 'review': 'Like the variety of boards and tokens.\n\nLove the online, but that can be improved...\n\nComplaints:\n\n- sometimes we get caught in a time warp\n\n- limit the amount of counter offers (2?)\n\n- sometimes people make lopsided trades (all their properties) for a $1, or $1,000 for Baltic Ave. There has to be a fair exchange for both parties. \n\nHey People, it’s supposed to be FUN, make fair trades to keep it that way!\n\nRecommendations:\n\n- Can we get player stats?\n   Games played/Won/Quit \n\n- Can we “tag” players so we can play with them again? Or let them know we’re online\n\n- Maybe rate players and setup tiers to play in? Beginner/Good/Advanced/Elite\n\n- How about an auction only mode. Every property landed on must be auctioned. Yes, it is a longer game, but it removes some of the luck of the dice... Just a thought.\n\nHope to roll dice with you ALL\n\nMo$$$'}, {'title': 'Great but it crashes frequently in multiplayer', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 8, 0, 58, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ace&Jinx', 'review': 'I love monopoly and this is a great embodiment of the bird game, my only complaint is that the app crashes frequently in multiplayer mode. It’s somewhat annoying especially when you’re deep into the game. There was another monopoly app several years ago that I had on my iPad and the graphics on it were superb. It’d be nice to replicate those dynamics on this app. Thank you to the developers for making a great app.'}, {'title': 'Fun except the dice', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 18, 55, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'b4nsb4ns', 'review': 'Fun game, just like real monopoly. The only thing about this game, is the extremely annoying dice roll.. It seems like the dice pretty much always roll the same number they did on your last turn. So if land on “Go To Jail”...it is EXTREMELY likely you will land on “Go To Jail” again while trying to pass it maybe two or three more times before finally getting to pass Go. Whatever coding they used for the dice is just so annoying..it doesn’t chose numbers random enough.'}, {'title': 'Keeps Crashing', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 2, 0, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'HomeyBB00', 'review': 'This is a great great game and very fun to play but the game kicks you out of multiplayer mode just for checking time with drop down screen and/or if someone calls during even if you’ve rejected the call. Definitely needs to be updated because my family is getting very annoyed with being kicked out of perfectly good games! I still believe the older version was WAAAY better than this one. Had virtually no problems compared to this new version.'}, {'userName': 'Skotti17', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great when it actually works', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Once it “kicks you out until you’re next turn” you are screwed. There’s no way to recover from that if it doesn’t load. No way for the game to let you rejoin the current game you’re in when ira frozen. App does nothing just stuck on the one players turn. Forces you to leave to game. If this was fixed, it’s good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 2, 2, 32)}, {'userName': 'worst app in the world!!', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'App is totally garbage', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is by far the worst purchase I have ever made. Why in the world would you make people purchase an app for a game that takes over an hour to complete and not allow them to do ANYTHING else while playing with people online? This makes absolutely no sense. I have not been able to complete a whole game without the app disconnecting me due to a phone call or checking a message. I feel robbed by this company for a useless app. Now im having issues with the app crashing and can’t even start a game. I URGE ANYONE READING THIS TO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS APP! Horrible, literally the worst app I’ve ever downloaded.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 19, 6, 3, 43)}, {'userName': 'YaBoiTrace', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Multiplayer problems', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Single player is actually fun. But multiplayer is so buggy that you can never even finish a game. I’ve played probably almost 10 multiplayer games quick and classic and have only finished 1 quick game. Something always tends to happen on multiplayer where the game freezes/ you can’t play anymore resulting in having to quit the game. I hope they work on patching these problems with multiplayer, until then I’ll be playing single player.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 21, 28, 11)}, {'userName': 'TGlassen', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good game, could use improvement', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a good monopoly version, you can customize really well. I wish they would add speed dice, and make the online play better. If you disconnect, you can’t rejoin your friends game. You have to restart all over! Sometimes it’ll glitch/freeze aswell and you can’t do anything, so after an hour of playin you have to go back to square 1. Gets frustrating. Wish they would fix that', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 5, 48, 25)}, {'userName': 'crrlnrd', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun Game - Algorithm needs work', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Great graphics and functional game play.  No excessive animation or time wasting functions. \nAll players tend to end up on the same square very frequently.  And I end up in jail way more than chance, at least 10 times per game. \nSuggestion: the other version had a quick play that would deal three properties per player to get the game rolling a little bit faster. Would like to see that here.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 0, 35, 5)}, {'userName': 'Eric Lindsey (eslindsey)', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Full of bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Filed 3 bug reports after less than a week of using this app.\n\n#1, in Pass N Play you can\'t trade with anyone but player 1 (unless you ARE player 1, then you get to choose).\n#2, sometimes the trade phase of the AI causes the game to just stop progressing. Marmalade support calls this a "soft freeze" and says it makes the game un-finishable.\n#3, game sometimes doesn\'t let you unmortgage property in single player mode, even if you have enough money.\n\nThe response from Marmalade is always the same so far: we\'re aware of the bugs and we appreciate your patience while we try to fix them.\n\nHow about you don\'t charge people money for a game you acknowledge is full of bugs? I came here to the App Store looking for the "request a refund" option, but it seems to be gone.\n\nIf/when they address these issues, I\'ll come back and update my review. Graphics are nice, custom rules is neat, but none of that matters if you can\'t play the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 0, 1, 47)}, {'userName': 'ashmcc94', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'A little annoyed..', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game has a lot of bugs that can easily get under ones skin. The game definitely favors AI and the dice roll is anything but random. It takes the real fun away from Monopoly. The BIGGEST bug I have seen yet is that you do NOT always get the property you buy which has happened to me more then 3 times so far (that I noticed). I am sure it happened more then that. \n\nThe game is so staged and definitely a big disappointment, especially because it’s a game you pay to have. I wouldn’t waste my money. \n\nI never wrote a review for a game in my life but I just wanted to say how much of a let down this game is....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 14, 58, 17), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12344395, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard towards fixing all of the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-11T18:18:03Z'}}, {'userName': 'supremevee', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Game keeps freezing!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is amazing and entertains me for hours but it’s happened a lot (and I’ve literally only had this game for ONE day) where I click “end turn” and the game will just freeze! Then I’m getting yelled at by the other players to “Hurry up!” and I end up having to just quit the game because it won’t resume to the next player. Please fix this. It would be a 5 star game if it were resolved.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 8, 4, 9)}, {'userName': 'DhKxhdfgdjdhegfushejdfhdud', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'IT CHEATS', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Seems like the program chooses one player to get a lot of property, one player to amass a lot of money, and one player to get screwed by never landing on property to buy and always landing on taxes etc. Dice rolls do not seem random at all. The card animation is displayed for waaayyyy too long. We do not need to stare at a property card for that long. I also wish that the program would notify everyone else that a player has left the game and is now being played by the computer. Game freezes frequently which is super annoying.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 25, 3, 41, 51)}, {'userName': 'Jubjub793', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Auto roll?', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My friends and I are really enjoying this but the only problem is when playing online with friends, if someone disconnects it’s auto goes for them. I thought it would just wait until they returned to continue the game. Doesn’t seem fair to person who might have to pause momentarily to then have the game go for them. I wish there was a way to turn that off.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 12, 17, 52, 35)}, {'userName': 'Summer4*s', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Needs stats', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love Monopoly and this version is pretty well set up. The only thing I wish it had though was stats and leaderboards. I think it would be cool if we had a running total of wind, losses, money earned, paid, etc. and maybe even to be able to see other player’s stats also. Or even to be matched with the same level players if we were ranked somehow. Otherwise, still fun to play :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 26, 22, 45, 44), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16932107, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your kind review! We have been actively listening to our players' feedback, so we are happy to tell you that we are already working on the features you mentioned as well as other cool things that players have been asking for.  They'll be released as soon as they are ready. Enjoy bankrupting your opponents in Monopoly! ", 'modified': '2020-07-28T15:02:42Z'}}, {'userName': 'Special KayJay', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Lots of Freezing and Unfair vs Computer', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Like other users have mentioned, this game freezes all of the time, and one player completely ruined a 45 minute game tonight because it froze on her turn. \n\nAlso, it’s hard to ignore how unfair it is to play vs the computer. I played 3 games against the computer and on each one, I went last in the playing order, and by the time I got my turn the other players had snatched up the properties, and I hit income tax or got charged on the chance and community chest spaces every time. It ticked me off.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 23, 11, 15, 15)}, {'userName': 'itspriszilla', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Freezing mid game! Don’t waste your money', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The app keeps freezing in the middle of the game. It’s so frustrating! Spent 1hr on a game just for it to freeze! And don’t even think about swiping to read a quick message or exiting the app it will 100% disconnect you ! And reconnecting takes unbelievably long!  Wish I had read the reviews before spending my money since it seems like everyone else who actually plays the game with the online multiplayer or online friend function have had this same issue since late Last year soo don’t expect an improvement any time soon.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 27, 5, 53, 56)}, {'userName': 'Ameliaaaah', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Would be great, but keeps losing connection', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'When this app works it’s really great. However, I often find that it freezes or loses connection and kicks me out of a game. Then I’m unable to rejoin the same game I’ve started with friends. I’ve checked many times and it’s not my WiFi connection. I also find that once I’m playing I can’t leave the app to check text messages. It’s so sensitive that opening my texts will often freeze the game. Also, once the freezing/disconnection problems are solved, it would be great to add a feature that lets you save games in progress. Thanks!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 5, 30, 5)}, {'userName': 'Zachary schwartz', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Add more House rules and let us view the board!!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The old monopoly app let us have house rules about how many properties everyone started with and how much money we started with, it would be awesome to add those to the house rules. Also, the graphics are so nice in the game so it would be nice if we got to view them all and let us interact more with the board. Great game and well worth the money!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 22, 3, 43, 43)}, {'userName': 'RD619', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Constantly freezes.  Not worth it', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'For a game that was purchased, I’m disappointed when I play online with friends. We’ve only finished about 30% of our games because it constantly freezes up.  You can see the animation moving around, but the buttons do not work. We would see different property ownership (I see cat owning a property while my friend shows he owns it). Random houses placed on my own properties without purchase. I bought Illinois, but received the Water Works card. \n\nPlaying the computer works fine, but completely predictable. \n\nA classic game outsourced to a poor provider.  So sad.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 2, 26, 57)}, {'userName': 'TheSm007', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Good game but please improve and fix some issues', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Hey so just bought the game and I am having an awesome time with it as I am playing the game with my friends but please fix some\nIssues as on iPhone 11 this game freezes and hence the game completion rate is low. Also can you add the feature like the chat-box where we could discuss with friends and other players while playing the game it would improve it drastically as many people don’t make a move and hence the game stops with no result.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 17, 53, 20)}, {'userName': 'msusser', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Good but needs improvement', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Glitches far too frequently for a game that is paid and offers such expensive in app paid content. Why would I want to spend $30 on a VIP upgrade when I can’t complete more than half of my games because they’ve crashed? Force quitting the app and the resuming the game doesn’t help either - it’s like once the glitch triggers, the whole game has been corrupted. So frustrating, especially because otherwise, the game has been great.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 1, 15, 12), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12317577, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T12:37:16Z'}}, {'userName': 'Folkyrock', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Fun - good graphics - but frustratingly buggy for a long game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Look - it’s great fun. It’s seriously such a well made game, but I’ve tried multiplayer with friends and multiplayer with AI players, and out of the 10 games I’ve played, I’ve only finished two without a disconnection so bad I can’t finish the game (it crashes on good WiFi or great data connection) It’s like some engines when the timing chain goes - the damage to the engine is catastrophic. If it glitched and you can wait a sec for it to come back on - cool - but that’s not the case here. Sorry to say - fix this awesome game please :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 8, 4, 40, 16), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12298481, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing connectivity problems and are working hard to fix them. You can expect an update soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-09T16:51:52Z'}}, {'userName': 'Fhjggggggg', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'AI is absurdly dumbfounded', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Played a game with all 3 bots on HARD difficulty... I witnessed multiple times the bots would trade each other the last property of a set for a property set they only have 1 of.... EXACTLY WHEN THEYRE ABOUT TO ROLL ON IT, cat had 2/3 pinks and traded dog for the last pink and gave him a light blue which dog only had 1, cat instantly bought hotels on all pinks, following up... dog landed RIGHT ON THE PINKS for an instant bankrupt. Thanks Obama\n\nALSO: ship landed in jail with less than 300$ to his name, cat owned oranges with hotels on each and duck owned pinks also with houses... ship on his very next turn decides not to play it safe in jail and wait it out... BRUH PAYS 50$ AND LANDS STRAIGHT ON NEW JERSEY AND BANKRUPTS HIMSELF', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 23, 36, 39)}, {'title': 'AMAZING', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 2, 17, 4, 56), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I totally think it’s worth the buy. I play this with my family all the time and we all love the animation of our characters moving.  Not only does the game have nice graphics but it’s quick with math so you don’t have to do it all. All you do is tap the screen to roll the die. If ur looking for a short game too the quick play option rly is useful!', 'userName': 'makam msma', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Roll of the dice?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 15, 18, 2, 56), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'When you turn up the difficulty on single player it seems like the only thing it does is gives the computer better rolls. Also one computer player will make a ridiculous trade with another to give them monopolies even though they wouldn’t do that with you. It’s like playing at a casino, you can see how sometimes the numbers don’t always play out. You could own 3/4 of the board with hotels on everything and they’ll skip right over your properties. But you better believe you’ll land on their single monopoly every time!', 'userName': 'Tunsndisow', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Disappointed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 24, 3, 15, 49), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I was looking forward to playing but was disappointed at how this game isn’t random. Every time I play I happened to land on jail more than any other player and at least 4 times in a row. Not sure what is happening but this definitely has a flawed system that makes playing not fun at all.', 'userName': 'Voive', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Good but too busy visually.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 3, 18, 38, 5), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Fun, but It would be great to get rid of the extra graphics. A top down view without the cityscape in the middle and no orientation change while moving would be less distracting.  I will buy action or fantasy games when I want the extras. It doesn’t use the original token set, either.  The colored tabs after property purchase works well.  Ability to see the detail on the cards is good. I may rate again when I play with a friend.', 'userName': 'Steinway65', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Not worth the money', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 15, 58, 49), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'My brother and I bond over monopoly every year at thanksgiving. We bought the game to play virtually but if you break for more than 3 minutes it boots you out and you lose everything. What’s the sense in having a game you can play with your friends virtually if it kicks you out? We can’t always be on our phone the whole time, it should resume where you left off when you come back in to play. \n\nI love the game when we are playing it but it upsets me that it constantly kicks us out!!!!', 'userName': 'Brittani03', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Buggy, unresponsive, frustrating players', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 3, 2, 38, 56), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'First and foremost this game is really buggy. Sometimes it freezes, disconnects and reconnects constantly.... Secondly, there’s a ton of players who ruin the game. They trade away all their properties to one player and leave the game... Third, there needs to be some sort of ranking system. You can easily tell who experienced players are based on the trade that occur throughout the game. Not to mention there’s reward for winning. This honestly should be a free game. I feel robbed.', 'userName': 'xarteagax', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It’s cool but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 28, 7, 28, 20), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I love Monopoly, I could play this game all day but for a paid app I feel it is lacking features. We should not have to pay to have all the game pieces or different boards. The board is actually a bit too cluttered and it is hard to see the game pieces most times. Our game history should be saved, ranked, or something so that the app is the same on all shared devices...it’s not at all exclusive to the user that paid the $5 for it. I feel like a new user every time.', 'userName': 'FooRoLam88231', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Better but needs improvements', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 1, 48, 23), 'rating': 3, 'review': "1. The dice rolls AREN'T random. There’s a weird glitch where a few people escape a “traps” too many times or a “hot spot” is created and everyone hits the property until suddenly they don’t. It’s very annoying and more obvious the more you play. \n2. The animations should be an option...not required. It would significantly sped up the game.\n3. There needs to be more background music. That’s just more my preference since the current music gets so stuck in your head. \n4. I wish there was a better chat option. One where I can type or speak what I want to say rather than click from a few pre-selected options. \n\nBesides that the game is amazing! I love being able to play with people during the COVID but the above mentioned problems do need to be improved.", 'userName': 'DragonKnightFly', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Horrible Online Play!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 12, 28, 35), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'It freezes and crashes way too often for being a paid app! 😡 I like the game Monopoly, and the graphics are beautiful, but when playing online with strangers, it freezes and crashes about every other game (if you’re lucky). If one player’s game freezes, it affects everyone else’s experience and the game gets stuck for everyone. I tried looking past this and restarting the app every time, but after not being able to finish even one of the five games I’ve begun, I am livid! 🤬 This is not worth the money if the app can’t even run smoothly!', 'userName': 'Needs.Improvement', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Save your money angry people', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 4, 10, 37), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Rolls are ridiculous. All AIs on Easy and I own 80% of the board. Myself and one AI left. Land on its one monopoly. Meanwhile it threads the needle all through my properties on its last 3-4 cycles so I don’t have to worry about too much money. Barely afford it. End up in jail and roll doubles just to end up landing on its monopoly again and almost broke my phone at just how “easy” that experience was. Deleted it. Stupid investment on my part. I lack the temperament to support poor design.', 'userName': 'xdelay', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'People are cheating', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 6, 18, 29), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I was enjoying the online version of the game then realized people were cheating. It was very obvious because the person would give all their property to another for only a dollar or give hundreds of their money for one small property. They need to make it to where either all people are friends and playing and one where all are strangers otherwise it’s not fair. Then I can’t even communicate with them to tell them I know what they are doing. They make it sooooo obvious. I don’t even want to play anymore because I just don’t know if it will be a fair game. Worst 4$ I’ve ever spent.', 'userName': 'dcjcidjei24116', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Too many glitches. No chat option.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 4, 9, 10), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The game itself is fun to play but it is in serious need of glitch fixes. I have recommended to other people and we can’t even play a full game without the game freezing or kicking someone out. Far too often we waste hour of our life for the game to not let us finish. Often times it get stuck on a player and since there is no chat option you can’t notify them. If I try to text or call the game disconnects. Reading other reviews shows this is an ongoing issue for at least 3 months so maybe they just don’t care.', 'userName': 'maryjane411', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Disappointed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 1, 21, 17, 27), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I’m highly DISAPPOINTED with this app. After spending days trying to convince some friends to PURCHASE and download this app, to my surprise I cannot play online with these same group of friends. Multiplayer keeps freezing while Single player is fun yet the algorithms causes me to think of the game unfavorably whenever I increase the difficulty. Plus, after being scrutinized for actually purchasing a game for my phone, I can no longer argue the case for why one would do such a thing seeing how the app doesn’t even work when trying to incorporate friends. Pure disappointment.', 'userName': 'VicEsquire', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Good needs a couple of things', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 13, 6, 47), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'First of all the game is fun and great but the only thing that annoys me the most is the fact that after every turn the computer will offer you the same trade over and over and over again. It will be the same exact trade every time unless new properties are bought. It gets kinda annoying to turn down the same trade after every turn... please fix!', 'userName': 'tkona98', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'So Many Bugs!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 7, 49, 46), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I often find myself at the mortgage panel- and I click mortgage - nothing happens - I click unmortgage - nothing happens! I am forced to quit an online game that I’ve spent an hour on! \nThere are many other cases where the people I play with seem like automated bots!\nAlso many cases where the people I am playing with suddenly just stop - and I wait for like 20 minutes - no response.\n\nAnd why would I play single player monopoly if I had the board game? Most of the users are probably playing for online - unless you fix these issues - and remove bots- I’ll keep my one star review.', 'userName': 'Fyhbffhjbvcf', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Meh.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 5, 2, 11), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I resently tried it and there is a huge problem  with the game. I was just about to win the game with 3 properties and lots of cash for house and unmortgaging. Maybe around my 12th turn I clicked on un morgtage and it wouldnt let me un morgatage. The houses did not light up for me to tap. Same happened with the trade and build house thing. All i could do was roll the dice and end turn. I ended up losing the game. The other players at that time could trade and built houses while I couldnt. Kinda disappointed but still trying to like it. Can these problems be fixed. Thanks', 'userName': 'nsempl', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12360517, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review and for bringing these issues to our attention. I have already shared them with our QA team who will look into them as soon as possible. We are reading every single user review and putting together a list of issues and feedback - the issues are being fixed and the feedback is being actively discussed. Our next update will include a lot of these fixes as well as performance and stability tweaks. Thanks again for taking the time to share your feedback and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-12T12:34:59Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Freezes all the freaking time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 8, 36, 44), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Okay; maybe not all the time; but like 89% of the time. Impossible to play when either 5min in, 30min in Or even 5seconds in; the game will straight up freeze. Sure the animation keeps playing in the background; but nothing is moving; no die is rolling; no moves can be made.\n\nDuring the time it dont freeze? Its grand! But if you’re looking to pay for a game; might bw better to wait before paying for this one cause it freezes too freaking much!', 'userName': 'HabibiHabiibii', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299184, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T17:44:05Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Good game, needs some updates', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 22, 44, 34), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'The game is great, it’s smooth, and fun to play. Some suggestions I would give for later updates to improve the game are: \n\n- When the player is not up, allow them to look at cards and click on players, etc. When you click on players, show an overview of all their cards and sets. (that is probably my biggest suggestion)\n- Add a text chat while in game. \n- Say when someone disconnects.\n- Maybe even add a point system of some sort for unlockables. \n- Add a career history: amount of wins, losses, etc. \n- Add more custom rules such as being able to travel when stations are owned. \n\nAll in all tho, the game is fun and plays like monopoly should, just would like to see further updates improving the experience.', 'userName': 'FloppySack', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Repetitive patterns', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 9, 27, 55), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I am convinced that this game is in fact rigged. I literally went through the same exact path, not once, not twice, but three times! Even the cpu (AI) went through the same path. Funny how it sometimes rolls to a number where the cpu avoids my properties and lands in utilities or the bonus cards, during late game. I really enjoyed playing the game, it has a lot of potential, but this repetitive actions need to be fixed.', 'userName': 'Obnoxious is gone', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 13, 19, 21), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Fun game, I especially like how there’s an option for custom rules so you can play how you remember. I went to jail 4 times in a row but that’s either bad random dice mechanics or just my bad luck haha. I’ve had some issues of it crashing or freezing, but it always happens when they release an update and updating the app seems to fix it. I wish there was a button to fast forward when playing against A.I.', 'userName': 'Anna Heaton', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The only thing I wish is that the maps were more around $1 to buy but they are more expensive then the game itself..also should give at least one for free. Also should be able to type instead of only using pre saved messages. Other than that game is awesome and like the real thing.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 8, 12, 57, 26), 'userName': 'jgtsde', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20968159, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:29:37Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I love the game, it functions well. My only complaint is that you can’t chose to simply not buy or auction a property and to pass. It only gives you the option to buy or auction which is frustrating and causes you to run out of money and rarely be able to gather up any money whatsoever. It advertises the ability to not auction and for the residence to go untouched if not bought but the game doesn’t allow such options like advertised.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Auction or buy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 7, 51, 56), 'userName': 'brownie01010', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Single player it’s fine. Nice duplication of the board game, AI aren’t idiots (on the easy setting at least), free version is full featured. \n\nDo NOT play with friends or family. Remember she you were growing up, the frustration when you are hours into a game and someone knocks the table over, ruining the game? More often than not, that will happen here. You’ll get over an hour into a game, then one player or more will freeze. They can’t quit and rejoin either. Game is OVER and LOST. I recommend you stay away until recovery from disrupted online games is MUCH better.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Don’t play with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 5, 37, 37), 'userName': 'Noy D B', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I genuinely love this childhood game.\nMy only complaint are the bugs in online multiplayer it’s really is disappointing when you invest you time into a long game just for another player to just stop play or chose to not end their turn I would rather their be a time limit so that if a person isn’t paying attention not everyone has to suffer.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great Game #1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 5, 8), 'userName': 'Rayshaunnnnnnnnnn', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'When playing a friend online, you cannot leave the game for an extended amount of time (no idea how long that time is) and come back and continue. That’s extremely annoying. Also, when I was playing friends online tonight, it kept freezing and at one point, it froze so I closed it and lost the game completely. (As did they) overall, playing people online is garbage and that is what I want to use the app for.. \n\nPositive note: if you are playing a computer, it is much better!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fix the bugs!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 10, 3, 47, 4), 'userName': 'Akmonger', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'The game is great, the true monopoly experience. However, there is no provision from the game developers to counter the sore losers in the game by means of reporting them, kicking them or at least imposing specific time limits in turns. It would seem rather obvious that something like that would be part of it. \n\nI am currently stuck in a game where the player is refusing to play for the past 30 minutes because they hit my property and they need to pay me big $$$.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many sore losers', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 28, 23, 46, 47), 'userName': 'Mr.RedandWhite', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'One of the most fun things about monopoly are the chance cards. However in the app version there are only a few cards and it makes no sense to have the same cards appear over and over when it was just picked by the person in front of you. Also get out of jail card is buggy. At times it seems if you purchase properties too quickly the app will\nroute all traffic anywhere but there.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Need more algorithm variation.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 2, 50, 59), 'userName': 'taocwei', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'The game works well for the most part but has a few issues. Sometimes the game just stops and you can’t do anything to make it start again. I think more features would make the game so much better - a chat room and a friends list to see who is online would be cool. And even some sort of achievement system would be cool. I think the gameplay and board set up is great though.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Get your monopoly fix with no extra features', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 15, 36, 52), 'userName': 'Iron horse 4', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14873935, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We are happy to inform you that our team is currently working on a chat option to be released very soon. We are also working on a Leaderboard and reward system to keep Monopoly even more competitive. Nevertheless, we are very sorry to hear about your bad experience with some matchups, we are aware of this, and we are working to fix this. Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns by sending us an email to help@marmalademail.com\n', 'modified': '2020-04-23T23:16:12Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I love monopoly. When i found out there was an app for $4 i had no problem forking over the money. It really is just like the board game and I really enjoy it. HOWEVER, the online multiplayer option freezes 90% of the time and it is really frustrating. The game is going great until it isn’t and there’s nothing you can do about it except force close your app and completely start over. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do something about the freezing problem. It ruins the experience every time it happens...which is a lot.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': '90% of the time...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 0, 44, 40), 'userName': 'loverboy1616', 'rating': 2}, {'review': '1: please just add Reject and Reject All as buttons that appear when a trade is offered. Don’t make me hit Reject and then again have choose between just this one or all this turn. \n\nThe AI constantly makes trade offers and its laborious to have to hit 2 buttons each time to deny it.\n\n2: The UI needs a lot more feedback and deliberate, responsive behavior. I am constantly unsure as to whether I’m looking at something I need to tap to dismiss, or if I’m waiting for it to dismiss itself. \n\n3: Give the dice roll a real feel. Try the older EA Monopoly on iOS for an idea on what dice roll should feel like. It should respond to user drag gesture, not just automated. I get the feeling from playing this that the entire difficulty setting is based on rigging the dice rolls, so this is could be a non starter.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great with a few UX issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 3, 5, 26), 'userName': 'pmzdj', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'If you disconnect from the game for any reason, which happens anytime you do anything else, AI takes over for your turn.  First of all the game needs to stay connected when in the background.  The second thing it needs, is the ability to turn of AI, so if you want to take a break from the game, it doesn’t just start playing by itself.  PLEASE FIX THIS!!  I can’t sit in front of this game from start to finish and do absolutely nothing else.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Needs more settings', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 19, 22, 3), 'userName': 'kgreenwd', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'It’s an okay game but when me and my husband are playing together online it freezes. Once the game is good it freezes in the middle of the game. Why did i pay 3.99 for a game that won’t let us at least finish the game we started. We had to restart a new game 4 different times in a course of 45 min because the game freezes. This needs to be fixed or i will need a refund! We love playing together but not wasting time not being able to finish the game!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Need a refund', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 21, 5, 34, 48), 'userName': 'JasmaH', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13631253, 'body': "We are so sorry to hear that you have had such a bad experience with Monopoly. We completely understand how disappointing this must be for you. Let me assure you that our team is actively listening to our users' feedback and working tirelessly towards fixing all known issues. If you could please bear with us a little longer, we will be releasing updates next week to make the game more stable.\r", 'modified': '2020-02-21T16:46:57Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I played a few games in a row against 2-3 AI opponents on easy. At first it’s even; the AI always seem to get good rolls to finish a monopoly or block mine. But then over value trades. Once buildings get down, and the AI dwindle to one... then it rolls perfect every time avoiding my houses/hotel properties. I saw it get lucky on 6+ rotations on the board before I got unlucky and landed on income tax 3 times, their 3-4 house twice, then their hotel once. I had 4 monopolies built with houses employing a aggressive use all the houses strategy. And not ONCE did the last AI land on one. The game seems super bugged.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': '“Random” dice not so random.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 5, 34, 53), 'userName': 'Cesario Rose', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Having everything this app is is pretty great there’s plenty of different play styles and a bunch of different ways to play, though playing online with friends and randoms would be nice. I have no other complaints about the app. I love the pieces and the genuine feel of monopoly. My entire 4.99 was worth it. Also the rib ion system is amazing.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Wow, this is impressive app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 27, 7, 19, 20), 'userName': 'Wesj5461', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23630367, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-06-28T12:58:25Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'The app asking for a review at this point might be a bad idea on their part. I’ve only been able to finish one game with other players, it always freezes and I have to start over. It’s a big let down when you spend 30-40 min playing only to have it freeze up and lose all your progress. If they fix the glitches I’d give it 5 stars. \nAlso, solo player is a waste of time. The computer is super super lucky, you don’t stand a chance. \nI have the latest ipad, so I know that’s not the problem.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Almost great', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 6, 52, 4), 'userName': 'Kira Baron', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12293036, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. \r\n\r\nWe are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing connectivity problems and are working hard to fix them. You can expect an update soon!\n\nRegarding Single Player games, let us assure you that all mechanics (A.I.'s dice rolls, the cards they get, etc) are completely random and luck-based.\n\r\nOnce again, our apologies for any inconvenience caused. ", 'modified': '2019-12-09T12:34:35Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This is a great game. Perfect for passing the time. I rarely buy apps but decided to get this one. Love all the features and lots of details but it still has some glitches that need to be worked out. The game freezes and the only option to fix it is to cancel out of the app and then you lose the game you were playing. Hopefully the kinks will be worked out! Lots of fun though!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Lots of fun but  little glitchy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 4, 55, 17), 'userName': 'jzguebdij', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I absolutely love monopoly and I enjoyed the iOS version a lot. A few ideas I have are to add more players per game (more than 4 or according to number of tokens owned). To allow the option to skip animations. And to add a special tag team mode where you play as teams and the first token to go bankrupt ends the game and their team loses.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I want more from this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 17, 10, 49, 29), 'userName': 'Esryrashid', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I love the game. I love how you can make “house rules”. The only thing I wish the developers would do is create a pause and play option when you are playing against friends online. Some games can get pretty lengthy.  So it would be nice if they could recreate it with the option to come back to the game at a later time.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Changes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 4, 40, 13), 'userName': 'yvechyna', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'This game is a lot of fun but there are some major issues. I’ve seen a lot of people mention game play bugs and stuff and I agree with many of those.\n\nThe biggest problem I have is that there is zero repercussions for players who game throw. I have had way too many online games where a player doesn’t get the trade deal he wants, and then just gives ALL his money and properties to another player. It ruins the game from everyone else.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game with some GLARING issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 12, 4, 35, 39), 'userName': 'Freebrah', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'First of all want to say that this game is one of my favorite and i really enjoy graphics in this game. BUT! You almost never can win! Not because I’m playing bad but just because all my opponents (easy, computer) getting all nice cards and numbers all the time. So basically they can buy all card way before i even get there and in the end I don’t have anything so I’m loosing. In this way I’m not interested to play. I think it has to be balanced.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not Interesting!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 4, 8, 26, 22), 'userName': 'prostoketkin', 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Fun but unable to exit the app', 'review': 'It is a perfect app version of monopoly and very fun to play but I only wish I could save the game and exit the app! When you exit for more than a few seconds it disconnects you. Very disappointing because it’s the kind of game that can take a half hour or more to play an entire game. Still fun, but I give it 4/5 bags of popcorn.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'bren61)2?:$', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 23, 48, 36)}, {'title': 'Great game. Needs a graphics tweak.', 'review': 'Great game. Just hard to see. In trying to make it look cool (which it does) they have made it hard to see where the pieces are, and the center of the board is so “busy” that it’s hard to see the board itself. An option to turn off all that graphic “busyness” would be appreciated. I’d just prefer the plain old board.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Shtubby82', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 13, 3, 24)}, {'title': 'Awful awful awful. Don’t support this', 'review': 'Update: They will remove your review if it is too critical, regardless of how kindly it is worded. Twice. \n\nThis “game” is VERY BAD. The bugs, glitches and blatant BS are unbelievable.  They have assured people in other reviews that all rolls and cards are totally “Random and Luck based” HAH\nDon’t you believe that for a minute!!!! The stupidly obvious garbage AI is absolutely pathetic. It’s either a pants-on-head retarded glue sniffer or as savvy as a fortune 500 company tax dodge. You’ll just LOVE watching them perpetually roll around but never ON your properties with thier “luck”. Absolute Garbage. AWFUL coding, about as random as Saturday preceding Sunday.\n\nDon’t waste a minute of your time with this “game”. I promise you, like everyone else who plays more than 3 games, you’ll be moving on to something else. It’s absolutely laughable that they released this in this state. Save your money and don’t support such weaksauce devs. Just AWFUL.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Algorhythmz ', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 8, 5, 27, 56)}, {'title': 'Add Not for Sale Option', 'review': 'Let me start by saying this game is very enjoyable. What I find annoying in the game, is when the AI continues to offer you the same trade for a property that you are not interested in trading at that time. Please increase the AI to modify/increase its offer to make it more enticing to trade. Or can I suggest that a “Not for sale” option be added so that the AI knows you are not currently fielding trade offers for a property. Thank you!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'dettigers80', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 19, 19, 37)}, {'title': 'Great gameplay!', 'review': 'So happy to play Monopoly on my phone. Gameplay is great, music is nice (even if a little repetitive). I have to try the online game yet.\nAlthough I can already tell that I’d love to have a “Pause” or “Save The Game” function in Solo Mode. It’s to be used on a phone or tablet when we don’t usually spend that much time in a row and with the physical board game we can always leave it how it is and resume the game later!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Nalek Sok', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 16, 17, 26, 25)}, {'title': 'Needs improvement', 'review': 'I do believe there is a “go to jail glitch” ive actually landed on go to jail 5 times in a row while playing the computer. I finally just quit the game bc I couldnt get around the board! Also how about making the option to save a game? Things come up & you cant always set there for an hour. Finally instead of being so greedy how about making Boards & Tokens awards? Like if you win so many games in a row you UNLOCK a board or token. I mean surely you can come up with better ideas. Oh and where’s the thimble??', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309235, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n\nI am happy to tell you that the team is already working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date along with a leader board and reward system. It is not available yet but will be soon.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-16T23:06:12Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Wthe12', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 16, 34, 58)}, {'title': 'Fun but buggy', 'review': 'I’m so glad they made this game an app, now I can play with my sisters on the go since I live so far. My only issue though is how slow the game can be and that it kicks you out so you never get to finish the game. I wish that the bugs would be fixed and that there would be an option to save the game to resume later and that you could chat in the game. Right now the only chat options are pre written words which are no fun.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'ihatethisapp13', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 9, 4, 12, 17)}, {'title': 'I thought I was crazy...', 'review': 'Game after game in Single Player mode playing against the A.I. I was having what seemed like terrible luck and the bots would amazingly land in between my properties constantly. I actually made my wife watch a few rounds and she started laughing it was so comical. I came here to see if anyone else was experiencing this and sure enough several recent reviews have reported the same “rigged dice” issue. It’s a shame because it’s a really appealing design. If the developers could clean that up I’d love to play it again...', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Dre PhD', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 1, 23, 3, 49)}, {'title': 'So, it must be a software glitch....', 'review': 'So here we are, four players. All players have houses and/or hotels. One player has much more cash than the others, one has much less cash but a lot of property and a few houses. The player with a little cash lands on my property and goes bankrupt. All of the players property is turned over to me and the houses are turned to cash and turned over to me. All of the sudden (no dice roll, no player movement), the player that has more cash than anyone else suddenly appears as the winner, even though I just received all of this property and cash. Please explain.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15616540, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear about your bad experience. We totally understand how frustrating this can be for you. We'd love to help you out and find the reason of this nasty bug. Please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com and we'll make sure to investigate further! ", 'modified': '2020-05-28T05:35:49Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Crashes Consistently', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 27, 4, 25, 49)}, {'title': 'Great graphics but slow paced game', 'review': 'This game is soooo slooow to play compared to the simpler previous version. I enjoy playing monopoly but I kind of regret investing 4 bucks on this. Because of all the added animations it can take forever as you wait for the computer to finish its turn. The older version allowed a player to speed through your opponents choices so you could quickly get back into the game versus waiting 30-90 seconds in between turns.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'WayofBushido', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 13, 14, 7)}, {'title': 'Timers Needed', 'review': 'EVERY action possible in this game needs a timer where the player takes action, or the computer does it for you.  You have a timer for rolling dice and ending a turn, but not for mortgaging when you owe money??  I spent 10-15 minutes waiting for someone to choose what to mortgage to pay me and they just sat there, or left, and stalled/ruined the game for everyone else.  Put timers on EVERYTHING so the game keeps moving along for those who want to keep playing.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Luke14.11', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 2, 15, 59, 31)}, {'title': 'AI take over??', 'review': 'Just bought this game and am super impressed by the gameplay. However, my wife and I were playing a game while at work and I had to close the app (to actually work for a minute) and came back a half hour later to the game basically being completed by computers.... is there anyway to turn this off?\n\nUPDATED REVIEW. This game in unplayable. Monopoly is a game that takes time. LOTS OF TIME. We can’t get into a game without one of us crashing 10-15 minutes in. At which point the game is over. I want a refund. If you are going to charge 4 dollars for a game then it better be POLISHED.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Ambitiontuition', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 2, 1, 57, 29)}, {'title': 'Super fun, but glitchy', 'review': 'My friend and I both decided to buy this app since we have been missing the magical dice app(similar concept to monopoly). We are already noticing how, in the middle of games, it will freeze for no reason and not allow you to continue the game no matter what you do. We know it isn’t our phones or connection because it happens for both of us. Just wish for the money, we could actually get through a game until there’s a winner.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'shawn87m', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 10, 5, 53, 39)}, {'title': 'Online Player mode is terrible', 'review': 'Whenever you swipe down to look at the time or notifications your turn is played by the computer, and if you’re in the middle of your turn the game gets stuck on your turn and you have no choice but to end the game there. For example if an alarm goes off and you have to stop it, or get a low battery notification your turn will be skipped or the game will just freeze. It’s infuriating because we can never get through a game all the way.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Noli T.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 5, 44)}, {'title': 'Keeps freezing up', 'review': 'I have played many games and really enjoy it when I’m able to complete them. It is frustrating that the game keeps freezing up and you are forced to exit. There is no place to file a glitch or complaint on the app. Also, it would be great if it showed how many games each player played and how many they won. What happens when someone leaves the game? Is that why it’s freezing? It’s a great start but far from complete.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'lenyfofeny', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 22, 21, 57, 49)}, {'title': 'Game Breaking Glitches', 'review': 'For a game that costs money ($4 at that) you’d expect a simple game of monopoly to go smoothly. But that’s not the case. The game has many glitches that range from getting disconnected for no reason to a bug I’ve experienced more than once on online multiplayer where a property card is stuck on everyone’s screen after rent is paid and it is no longer possible for anyone to roll the dice, hence the game ending prematurely. This is unacceptable and until the developers fix this issue do not buy this game for multiplayer because you will be extremely disappointed.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Dimitri4377', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 17, 55, 29)}, {'title': 'Glitchy and time consuming', 'review': 'The online gameplay updated and is not any better than before. I landed on the property and instead of letting me buy the property it went straight to auction. The game pauses and jumps at different times throughout the game. \n\nI don’t know what will improve. My other complaint is I bought Stratego thinking it was online multiplayer with the game and it’s a single player campaign. \n\nI bought battleship before and now Hasbro wants me to buy it again? No thanks.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Schmidty94521', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 22, 57, 51)}, {'title': 'Seems rigged. Multiplayer', 'review': 'I played a game of multiplayer and when it was down to me and one last person he had to have gone around the board 15 times (maybe more) without landing on mine. Because I had 90% of the board he could never buy property to bring me to bankruptcy. So I spend 45+ minutes watching him constantly miss my property. I eventually gave up and quit the app. Has potential but some things need to be fixed. Make the rolling actually “random”.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Cole88d', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 21, 1, 55)}, {'title': 'Not worth the $4', 'review': 'For a game you have to pay $3.99 for, you’d think it would work better than it does. \nTo start, when in Pass and Play mode, there’s been a glitch since the last update where you can only trade with one person in the game instead of offering a trade for the other three players. I tried restarting the game and adjusting the settings, yet this is still happening. \nAlso, when rolling and landing on a railroad and only one is owned, the game makes you pay $50 rent when it should only be $25. \nWhen playing with AI players and they’re in jail, 9/10 they roll a 7 after they get out of jail and land on community chest, so that’s super predictable. \n\nI absolutely love monopoly, but quite frankly, don’t download it unless you’re prepared to deal with the glitches and computer favoring.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12317543, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T12:34:37Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'cierror', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 22, 33, 31)}, {'title': 'It’s a decent game, but kinda cash grab', 'review': 'After downloading the game and played my first game, I was impressed. I experienced zero bug nor crashes like other board game. When I think the game is fun, I think it’s a cash grab overall. The content(themes) in the game are unreasonably expensive. Plus the fact that there isn’t a way to give them for free is a huge issue. Right now(could be wrong) there isn’t anyway to get coins or some kind of in game currency to buy themes.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'SteelOfIron', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 6, 10, 16)}, {'review': 'This game is Amazing and it’s worth buying because it’s not a game to we’re your just wasting your money on a random game and get nothing out of the game and it teaches you lifestyle and how to save your money and how the real world is and it’s really good for the kids as well because it’s not something that’s it going to teach them anything i\nThis game teaches them everything \n\nMaddie', 'title': 'AMAZING', 'userName': 'sara:);)♥️♾💎🦄', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 3, 29, 30), 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'When I was a kid, I liked to play board games with other kids in my neighborhood. I played dozens of different board games, but monopoly was my favorite one. Technology now gives me a new and wonderful experience playing monopoly. Thank you very much. Everyone should buy and play this game during the  quarantine. Stay safe and healthy.', 'title': 'Monopoly was my favorite childhood board game', 'userName': 'Harry Pham89', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 1, 43, 26), 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Monopoly has been my favourite board game all my life and the Monopoly App exceeds my expectations. Completely customizable, you can choose house rules, different maps, how many AI players and can even play multiplayer either on one device or through multiple. 4 stars because I wish there was a “fast forward” button to make AI turns quicker and speed up the game a bit.', 'title': 'Great! ... with a suggestion!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15306550, 'body': "Thank you for sharing your experience with us! We appreciate your suggestions, and I've already shared your feedback with our design team for them to consider in future updates. Let us know at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions for us! ", 'modified': '2020-05-14T00:55:02Z'}, 'userName': 'Youghis', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 13, 5, 59), 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'You guys HAVE to fix the bugs in this game!!! It has cost my family so many games and is incredibly infuriating! It is always “reconnecting” or “joining you at the start of your next turn” and moving for you. Often times the game completely freezes and you are unable to get back in after playing for an hour already. \nAnd if would be great to have a chat option but at this point it will be enough if you just make your game decent enough to actually play out a full game!', 'title': 'PLEASE FIX!', 'userName': 'Mon Bon Bon', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 14, 44, 34), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This game has made monopoly for me 10x more fun. Being able to play anytime, anywhere and especially with my friends, makes playing monopoly so much fun. I love being able to buy different tokens and boards in the shop each season. This is my favorite game to play on my phone when I’m board. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.', 'title': 'Best. Game. Ever.', 'userName': 'Splattter', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 20, 18, 2), 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'The game is incredible and perfectly encompasses the game of monopoly, but has an unfortunate glitch that can render a full game useless due to something as slight as checking notifications. It has happened to me personally as well as peers, when I’m the midst of making a deal, one player gets disconnected and cannot re-enter the game, leaving it stuck in a limbo between turns. Very annoying and I hope it gets fixed soon because my monopolized park place and boardwalk would have given me the win.', 'title': 'Annoying Glitch', 'userName': 'Ryan 131L', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 23, 52, 27), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I noticed that the birthday and chairman community chest cards are not handled properly.  The person that draws the card is handled correctly, but the other players are not.  For example, if a player is elected chairman and has to pay $50 to others and 3 other players are still in the game, the game will deduct $150 from the player that drew the card, but does not add $50 to the other 3 players.', 'title': 'Small change needed to get a 5', 'userName': 'ChrisHovan', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 0, 24, 53), 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'It’s an awesome embodiment of the classic board Monopoly many have enjoyed as kids. The graphics and the gameplay overall are rather decent. The dealbreaker is, however, when every other game keeps disconnecting, and I mean LITERALLY every other one. It may be acceptable if the game was distributed on a freeware basis but when a monetary transaction is involved it’s quite reasonable to expect a quality product on the consumer end.', 'title': 'Needs work', 'userName': 'us.based.mike', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 3, 14, 45, 11), 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'This app is very polished and it has the potential to be the best monopoly mobile game in the world, but the developers need to fix the real easy to disconnect from game and not being able to rejoin issue. Nothings more frustrating like having 1 hour into a game for all of sudden have someone call you, WiFi hiccup or app glitch to be disconnected and unable to rejoin the game... I will be more than happy to rate 5 stars when this gets fixed... Monopoly this should be your NUMBER 1 CONCERN for updating. Fix this please!!!', 'title': 'Potential but frustrating', 'userName': 'IslandBoiii', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 6, 7, 40), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I’m like several others here. There is absolutely no way you can tell me the game isn’t rigged against the human player when it’s the just the human player against a computer AI. I roll and land on their hotels/houses every time, but they can squeak past mine when I have entire sides of the board. Don’t lie to us, there are too many reviews all saying the same thing. I like monopoly don’t ruin it for us. I could understand it a little more if I was playing the hard computer AI but not easy', 'title': 'There’s an issue, app developer denies it so far', 'userName': '01947492010924', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 4, 33, 58), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This game is so fun! I don’t regret buying it. I even gifted this game to my friends because I just enjoyed it so much and I wanted them to try it. The only think I would really wish you guys can incorporate is more than 4 players in a game. I have very close friends and they have to take turns because they can’t play. But overall, I love this game.', 'title': 'Best Game Ever!', 'userName': 'c._.d._.78', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 10, 25, 17), 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I just downloaded this app two days ago. I have tried playing with friends online and every time we’re in the middle of a game the app replaces us for AI. We have not been able to finish one single game without that happening. We have good internet connection which is not the problem. It’s a bug on the app that is literally “bugging”. Please look into it because each of us paid $4 for something that we cannot enjoy.', 'title': 'Kicked out of online game', 'userName': 'bb_sweets', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 0, 19, 49), 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Thanks for the great game no thanks for the sudden freeze, no lobby for half the times i try to play it just throws me in a board with no players, can’t play online with a friend, that’s not all worse game in pc lags no players online it’s dead in pc and when i try to play it in other places like iphone or ipad its not worth the time that i spent like two hours and then it lags and all that time goes bye bye if u can spend sometime on fixing the game it would be an awesome game but I don’t think that u would do that have seen all the people begging you to fix the pc game u didn’t move a finger', 'title': 'Good bad game', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493339, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:05:20Z'}, 'userName': 'Bololom balalak', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 8, 59, 42), 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I don’t know WHY the programmers of this game went out of their way to aggravate their paying customers but they clearly did. Like clockwork, if you will benefit by your opponent rolling, say 2,4,5,7,9, 10 and 12, they will roll a 3, 6, 8, ANYTHING but what you want. About 90% of the time. And if you are really in trouble and need money, the percentage goes up over 95%. It’s like they didn’t even try to let us think the dice rolls were random. Why not make your customers happy instead of ticking them off intentionally?', 'title': 'Manipulated', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22302735, 'body': 'Hi, we are very sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. Our apologies for any inconvenience caused!', 'modified': '2021-04-18T08:43:32Z'}, 'userName': '1965mjlmjl2015', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 16, 18, 18), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I can’t help but notice some of the games feel very rigged. As if the game favors one player at a time and that’s not realistic at all. Also you can draw the same chance / chest card multiple times over and over. It’s ridiculous and unrealistic. If the developers manipulate the game any way at all it kills it for me bc it takes the genuine feel of monopoly away from the experience which is why I don’t enjoy playing as much. \n\nAdding custom chat would be cool too.', 'title': 'A few things kill this game for me', 'userName': 'ssssstunna', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 20, 13, 52), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'The game is cool and all. But I was just playing and I owned almost MORE than half the board I swear. The other player owned like 5 properties which 3 had hotels. He kept landing on chance and community chest instead of my spaces. And every single time I would land on his hotels. I don’t know but the game seemed kind of rigged. Like how do I own half the board but they happen to land on chance or community chest EVERY TIME while I landed on their hotels EVERY TIME. Just seemed kind of rigged because if it was in real life monopoly that wouldn’t happen.', 'title': 'Dice rolls are rigged', 'userName': 'meggles1515', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 23, 7, 59, 18), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I’ve had zero issues other reviewers have said, so they must have fixed them. This game is MUCH more fun than in person, because it’s quick, no time is wasted counting money. Also I highly recommend trying out the other boards (with purchase), it adds nice variety to the music and scenery. Definitely a must get!', 'title': 'FANTASTIC', 'userName': 'TheWildernessEnthusiast', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 3, 50, 36), 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I have tried playing online a few times. Sometimes it works. Sometimes the connection hangs for no reason. Sometimes I get stuck because of a bug and I have to quit the game.\n\nAlso, why is there no player ranking or rating system so that one can match with similarly skilled players? And why is chat so restricted? Basic multiplayer functions that would make that form of play so much more fun.', 'title': 'Buggy and poorly implemented multiplayer!!!', 'userName': 'sekicho', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 13, 2, 22, 52), 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'The game is well built except for the online with friends option that only works 30% of the time. With this, updates either fix the issue or in the case of the latest update, breaks the multiplayer feature entirely to the point the app crashes. There has to be a more stable way to play online with friends because right now, this is definitely not up to standard (after checking it is not to do it my Internet connection)', 'title': 'Multiplayer fails very often', 'userName': 'GTXLow', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 28, 16, 3, 4), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'The game “chooses” a winner in the very beginning (single player mode) and it’s not even a fair chance for anyone else. \n\nThe ai rolled 2 monopolies (bs) and then my two monopolies (pink and organge) were skipped over every time by the ai. \n\nThis happens ALL THE TIME. So i tested it...\n\nStarted a new game because the one I mentioned above was cheating me, here’s the short version. \n\n3 players. My friend and I vs the ai (hard)\n\nThe ai has 2 monopolies ( light blue and brown)\n\nWe all EVERYTHING ELSE. \n\nSo we started the experiment....\n\nThe ai went around the board 20 times and landed on our property 6 times. \n\nDo you know how absurd that is? It always rolls a 7 or a 5 and lands on community chest, chance, or free parking. \n\nWe went around the board 25 times (the game makes us get high doubles so we land on computer more often) and landed on his 6 squares for a combined 45 times. \n\nThe dice rolling is BS. \n\nThe only fun part is laughing at how bad the computer cheats.', 'title': 'Rigged Dice', 'userName': 'THIS NICKAME IS TAKEN.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 20, 1, 24, 16), 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 4, 55, 35), 'userName': 'Jacquilene', 'review': 'I really like the new look of game.  This is the original game and players plus a couple of new ones. The only thing I like less in this  version is less flexibility in the game rules.  You can’t pick the amount you start with, can’t pick how much money when you land you on go.  I’m easily getting used the changes. Great game!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good fun, awesome graphics'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 15, 0, 14), 'userName': 'CE1227', 'review': 'This is an exact replica of the real board game. The only issue I’ve encountered so far is when playing online with random players. What I’d really appreciate if the app developers add a timer that ends a player’s turn automatically if the player chooses not to end turn. I’ve had to exit several online multiplayer games because players choose not to end turn. It becomes annoying and a waste of time.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great game but could use improvements'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 15, 48, 53), 'userName': 'irongirl2356', 'review': 'This game costs $4 dollars, but that’s just unlocking for part of the app. If you want to customize the board setting, it costs like $6 dollars for each set of changes. If you want to connect online to others, it’s just extremely frustrating and glitchy. \n-\nI remember their original version where you buy for the WHOLE game. Where you can Freely customize everything, including the board, for no additional cost, and no dumb membership package that does nothing special.\n-\nPlease don’t buy this. Just don’t. This is just a glitchy overpriced game.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Don’t buy! Cheaply made.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 2, 28, 57), 'userName': 'Ronaldodrizyyy123', 'review': 'To be honest it is a fun game to play and waste time with friends and family, with that being said! When you pay money to get this game you shouldn’t expect delay and glitch on this game. If you press home bottom on iPhone accidentally and try to come back in the game it will not let you continue and it will say you will resume after next turn and it stays like that. PLEASE HAVE AN UPDATE so we all not waste our time hours sitting playing and all of a sadden the app freezes. Other than that it’s a great game.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'MUST NEED AN UPDATE PLEASE.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 8, 6, 24, 43), 'userName': 'Albertohorn06', 'review': 'You gotta fix the bugs on the connection. It is ridiculous!! Also you have to put a chat or something to communicate with the other players. Sometimes they take 20 minutes just to do something. Put a chronometer to do any stuff and then if he miss it, the game should do the move for him because this is a problem that happens not only in the beginning, most of the people just leave at the end because they are losing and then the game gets stock. Please fix that !!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Bugs'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 16, 57, 22), 'userName': 'Qgrzyb', 'review': 'The graphics are excellent and the various types boards and board pieces are new which is a nice plus.  The con is that I can’t customize my auction price as I am only allowed to go by 20s which makes no sense for in any general auction you always have a choice to choose price you want to bid.  That is the draw back for me.  Otherwise, the game is excellent.  Please make the adjustment for future gameplay.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Excellent for one minor tweak'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 20, 0, 6, 15), 'userName': 'WYATT!!!!!', 'review': 'Monopoly is awesome because you can have four different choices you can have play online with friends play online like fun choices and also I know a good trick it’s like to stay at 1500 until you get at least  to 2000It’s a light blue houses to get a hotel then like it will cost a whole lot and that’s how you could win it’s a fun game I love it', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Monopoly is awesome'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 23, 5, 18, 18), 'userName': 'sebbyg123', 'review': 'Me and my friend who lives in a different state bought this to play together over live multiplayer. First of all you can’t exit out of the game or it will replace you with an AI, and good luck rejoining. That alone is annoying but we figured whatever we’ll just have to commit to the game. \n\nExcept it sometimes randomly kicks you out anyways, replacing you with an AI, and again not letting you rejoin. \n\nAlso if you buy a skin pack and play with friends it only shows up on your screen not everyone’s that’s kinda dumb too. Not worth it buy it on the switch', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Waste of money'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 8, 26, 1), 'userName': 'Corparelsmith', 'review': 'Pros\n-monopoly game!\n-nice pace\n-great graphics looks pretty\n\nCons- Can’t pause a game and come back to it later\n- can be very glitchy when pressing buttons\n- CANT play with IOS to an ANDRIOD user 🤦🏻\u200d♂️\n- playing with friends doesn’t allow you to stop the game and come back to it later\n- yup there is a season pass 🤦🏻\u200d♂️🤦🏻\u200d♂️🤦🏻\u200d♂️\n- no house rule system that you can use with “play with friends”\n- lost connection while playing with a friend and couldn’t go back to the same game... had to start over\n- game should be free with this many problems\n- I can not believe you can’t save a game and come back to it later. HUGE disappointment. \n\nI’m a huge monopoly supporter I have a lot of the board games and even card games from monopoly and this app was just such a disappointment... \n\nI honestly feel ripped off and want my money back.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Too many set backs. Not worth 4$'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 24, 15, 43, 32), 'userName': 'Tim372cp', 'review': 'Just now, I was playing an online game. I had 1 railroad, another player had 2. They offered a trade to me where I would give my railroad plus 250$ and they would give me only 125$. That’s a stupid deal I thought so I counter offered a deal where I would give him my 1 railroad for 500$. Offered accepted! What happened next was that he got my railroad and 300$ from my account. Stuff like this happens every online game I play if the game doesn’t freeze within 10 minutes. I highly suggest not buying this game if you think it’s going to be fair and fun.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Frustrating glitches or hacking?'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 22, 4, 50, 39), 'userName': 'MattyH209', 'review': 'I’ve been waiting for Monopoly to come back out in the App Store. It’s finally here I even had 5 of my friends buy it so we can play since we all live in different states and we’ve had nothing but trouble every time we play. Also playing online multiplayer has froze half way thru the game every time I played...so annoying I’m sure it’ll be fixed soon just annoying to deal with.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Always freezes when playing online multiplayer'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 4, 39, 38), 'userName': 'FreeAdviceWithConstantWit', 'review': 'This is a great game to play with the kids.  We mirror it on the TV and pass the iPad around.  It’s so easy to have a spur of the moment game vs pulling out the real board game.  The only complaint we have is that you can only trade with the main player in the app.  That is, the player who is “signed into” the app can trade with whoever they like.  All the extra players can only trade with the “signed in” player.  Otherwise, it’s great.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494270, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware of a glitch with trading, and we believe it should be fixed in the most recent update (1.0.7). Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:16:26Z'}, 'title': 'Great family game'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 0, 10, 14), 'userName': 'dhogs1', 'review': 'I thought when I purchased it, I would get all content. Why should I have to pay for more? ESPECIALLY a $30 season pass😂😂😂 who would do that? Hope nobody buys into that. There’s also many bugs. It’ll freeze, where you can’t do anything except start a new game which is a huge waste of time. I know it’s brand new, but very disappointed. Lastly, this game is 100% not random. The dice rolls and the number of moves are totally scripted. There’s no way a monopoly game goes this fast without it being scripted. If this isn’t fixed, I will ask Apple for my money back', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Bugs and “random”??'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 29, 0, 45, 48), 'userName': 'BigLacuna', 'review': 'The game is perfect...Other than the fact that players can cheat. If they feel like they’re about to lose they go mia until every other player leaves. It’s really annoying and so unnecessary. Please if u can find a way to close this loophole or create a timer that skips the player or plays for them if they take way too long to interact??? This would be so much help!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Cheating Players'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 6, 18, 52, 59), 'userName': 'Gfgfgfgfgfgggf', 'review': 'One of the biggest cheats on the net. They get some of the most ridiculous spins you will ever see. Just play for free cause it’s all fixed to rip you off for big bucks. Play for free a while and you will see how they are cause they will do their best to get you off their site cause you just don’t pay. Then you will see them cheat cheat cheat over and over. They will come up with spins on the dice that in real life is almost impossible. And I mean spins after one another over and over. And well if they do it for free you know dam well they do it to when you pay.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Cheats'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 17, 14, 51, 17), 'userName': 'Old Time Game Lover', 'review': 'The game can be so much fun!!!  Sometimes, after playing a long game, it just locks up.  Make you feel like you wasted time playing! Also, lots of online players when loosing will ruin the game by selling all their properties for a $1 to another player.  It happens way to often!  This happens too often when playing online!!!  You have trolls who will sell all properties for dollar.... ruining the game for the other players.  With an update, it would be easy to write in some rules to stop such nonsense! Who ever wrote this program is more than capable.', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19821239, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our MONOPOLY app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r\n\nIn regards to players that seem to be sore losers, you can send us an email to help@marmalademail.com with their name so we can investigate the case further. \r\nIf you have more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-17T05:57:11Z'}, 'title': 'Good, but locks up.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 10, 21, 19, 12), 'userName': 'R_I_C_A_N', 'review': 'I love the game and think it’s designed well.  I haven’t had any glitchy issues on my iPhone or iPad.  The only thing is that the dice rolls definitely favor the computer players (AI).  I saw reviews of people saying that and maybe thought they were just mad they lost lol but they were telling the truth.  I’ll only play humans and never the computer.  Whatever algorithm is used by the Dev team is flawed.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Favors the AI players'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 11, 1, 16, 57), 'userName': 'Horny Heather', 'review': 'Fun. Addicting. Aggravating. May cause loss of job, marriage, home and respect from others. But totally worth it. Monopoly man does not wear a monocle. I play this game with or with out pants on. But I feel like a high rolling millionaire either way. I know it costs money. Take a chance. Do not pass go without paying the $4.00. I guarantee you’ve wasted more money on objects of lower utility.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love monopoly'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 7, 21, 7, 21), 'userName': 'hodhpxotx', 'review': 'It seems as if the game chooses someone to win. I’ve had games where they would skip all my properties in their turns and I would constantly land on theirs. Once I was forced to mortgage properties, that’s when they started landing on them. Also my opponents kept getting “collect $X” cards over and over again. Never did they “advance to the nearest railroad” or “advance to Illinois”. Please please fix this and make the dice rolls and card selection random', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Messed up algorithm'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 3, 38, 9), 'userName': 'Rachel3002', 'review': 'I downloaded the game cause I figured it’d be a good time waster, which it is! Super fun to play, however I feel like the dice rolls when playing against the computer aren’t as random as they should be, I’ve had multiple games where I’m always landing on my property or chance/community chest, and the only reason I have the property I got is because I got a chance card to go to that spot, the computers are consistently landing on open property, just seems unfair.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16055507, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review! We are happy to hear that you enjoy our game in you free time :)! We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-06-17T23:40:02Z'}, 'title': 'Great...but'}, {'userName': 'Garbo17', 'title': 'Game play is smooth', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 21, 14, 38, 41), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The game takes care of much of the playability for you!  It grays out options you can’t make, reducing the number of unnecessary keystrokes.  Graphics are slick and move smoothly.  There are also lots of rules you can customize, and they stay selected in the customization panel from game to game.  This app is well worth the $4 price.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Arta 12345689', 'title': 'Awesome and enraging at the same time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 8, 0, 21), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game is awesome, it’s really fun solo, with friends or online\nBut for the enraging part ? The online mode is pretty great until you’re winning and see the game just stop you cant roll the dice you only see the board and can only chat and there you go two hours of online playing just wasted and what can you do ? Literally nothing, none of the players can \nIt hurts so much when you spend hours on something just to see it go to waste \n\nSo over all a fantastic game but the servers need serious improvement \nA paid game shouldn’t have problems like that especially when it has so much potential not to mention it’s already the number one board game on the app store', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'DT2263', 'title': 'Was fun until it decided to crash constantly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 7, 20, 16, 12), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Had game for a month or so.  Played a lot. Really enjoyed then out of nowhere started to crash and will not play. Tried reinstalling checked and verified all updates are current. Restarted several times. Still nothing   And I paid for it.....\n\nUpdate: the crashing has been fixed and game play is great.  Hope it stays that way. THANKS!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15162160, 'body': 'Hello, it has come to our attention that one of the third-party services that we use experienced a temporary outage yesterday that affected a great number of apps on iOS and caused them to immediately crash on start-up. Monopoly was temporarily affected but should now be back to normal. Please try playing again and don’t forget to leave us your feedback! We worked very hard to make Monopoly and sincerely hope that you continue to enjoy it. Should you still be experiencing problems, get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com. We’re sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience.', 'modified': '2020-05-07T12:14:48Z'}, 'isEdited': True}, {'userName': 'Rottweiler-Mom', 'title': 'You NEED this game for your phone!  FUN😁', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 10, 2, 43), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Great game to pass the time wether it’s single or multi player! This brings back memories!  I love the new board options & characters and how more can be unlocked later on. I wish you could zoom in on the game while playing since it’s hard to see everything on a phone sometimes. Looking forward to trying the other boards & characters!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Ballerboy1106', 'title': 'Great Game but online needs some work', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 23, 17, 49), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game and I play it all the time with my family and friends. It runs smoothly but whenever I accidentally swipe I have to reconnect and the AI rolls for me. If someone calls me I’m disconnected and I can’t get back in. Also I wish I could play with more than 4 people. I’m not asking for an outrageous amount but maybe like 6 people at the max. Other than that the game is great.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'secretagentstuart', 'title': 'Amazing game!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 17, 47, 21), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I’ve always loved monopoly and I think this app is great. There are so many options on how to play and it’s so convenient. However, there is a glitch with the “It’s your birthday” card. Every player is supposed to give the receiver of the card $10, but instead the game gives the player the money but doesn’t take money from the other players. Hope they fix this :)', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Mrf9312', 'title': 'Love the game itself but haven’t even been able to play a full game without it crashing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 18, 4, 3, 13), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The game is well designed and nicely put together. Just sad that I paid money for this app and haven’t been able to finish a single game out of the four I’ve played. \n\nWe get 30-45 minutes deep then it removes all of our end turn option and we can’t continue our game. If you try to switch apps it will just kick you and replace you with an AI instantly. \n\nTLDR; Would be great if I could actually play a game to completion.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Megawatt42', 'title': 'Good Game, needs updates', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 1, 10, 27), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'It’s a pretty fun version of the game, but you can’t exit out of the app at all if you’re playing multiplayer or online. Not even for a second. Implementing some sort of timeout timer or something to keep games going even when out of the app would make it better. Sometimes I just want to change my music or start a timer for dinner. I’d give it more stars if it was easier to keep playing and also using my phone!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Irishbeauty6', 'title': 'Could be great, never able to finish a game?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 0, 14, 10), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'This could be so great, but it’s drawn out and confusing at times? I was so very disappointed with this game. Who doesn’t love monopoly?! This game just goes on and on , even in “ quick play mode “. I’ve tried multiple times to finish even one game but it’s impossible. There’s no way to skip the other players full turn?? No fast forward option which might help make it enjoyable? Thumbs down on this one. The graphics are cool so for that reason I will give it 2 stars', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Grace Rennaker', 'title': 'Too many bugs for $3.99', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 5, 55, 35), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I have been waiting for a monopoly app for a while so I was really excited when this came out. The FX are really cool but there are a ton of glitches that make you have to quit games because things freeze when they’re not supposed to.\n\nAlso, I’m disappointed in the lack of features this game has. I would’ve liked to see stats and challenges where you can win pieces and boards and whatnot. \n\nOverall, I’m pretty disappointed and prefer my knock-off Monopoly app over this one.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12506733, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-20T10:28:32Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'aliciadawn84', 'title': 'Good at first', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 1, 2, 11), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Been playing the Monopoly game for a couple weeks started out fine but now have a super annoying glitch. When playing 4 players and been playing for awhile, it will suddenly freezes after a computer player moves. I’ve tried closing the app and restarting the game, it will start of that players turn over but still freezes after their turn. The game will not move forward so no choice but to quit the game and start a new one losing all progress and effort of the game.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Ladywolf779', 'title': 'Obvious AI “luck”', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 4, 0, 13, 13), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'If you put an ai at medium suddenly you cannot land on the premium property. You always land on community chest and have to pay a sum. It gets old. I can predict where they will land and where I will or won’t. There is almost no random outcomes of the dice roll. So I tried online multiplayer. The game closes a player to get all the good plays there too! The $36 price point for season passes is just insane. And the high price point for each of the maps and pieces ensure I will never do micro transactions in this game. I wanted to love it....', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'where is my uc', 'title': 'Landing on go glitch for iOS monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 19, 18, 28, 1), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I have recently and consistently had an error when I land on go the game displays the amount of money I earned without increasing the money in my total but I can buy houses/hotels or trade with the ai players, and once I’ve done that then the money appears in the total or if I land on another players tile it also makes the adjustment otherwise it’s a fun game keep up the good work', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'prak93', 'title': 'Great, but only when it works.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 23, 16, 38, 18), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I can’t believe I bought this trash with money. I couldn’t complete my last 4 online multiplayer games because the game hangs in between. It says “rejoining on the next turn” but the next turn didn’t  come for 15 mins. I just had to kill it. All the time I spent up until that point was just wasted. I usually don’t buy apps with money, rather I like to spend on in-app purchases if I like the game and after I made sure that a game actually works. But I took a chance because I love monopoly but this app is absolute garbage.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Janorn', 'title': 'It’s quite entertaining but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 2, 28, 27), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I really loved being consumed in this game during the many historical events. Having paid for this app (beyond my typical $2 limit), I was expecting a lot more content. I can only play with one board & my winnings aren’t beneficial to advancing or anything of the like. It’s just playing multiplayer or versus a computer on the same board over and over and over again. Should be free if it’s going to be like that.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'MN Monopoly Addict', 'title': 'Addicting!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 7, 38, 57), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I actually like playing monopoly on my phone better in real life! Only complaint is sometimes the game freezes, but I find that whoever’s turn it is needs to quickly exit the app and return to the game and things will be back up and running. I like the chat buttons, but it also needs a haha or lol 😉', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Little Red Devil', 'title': 'Classic but Absolutely Frustrating', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 25, 2, 17, 10), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'For Monopoly lovers this game is entertaining unless you get into multiplayer mode. You will not experience any issues when playing against the app but if you play with friends or other random players online be ready to be frustrated, especially when you think you are going to make the best deal in the game. The multiplayer seriously need to be fixed in this app. I mean, what’s the point of playing a board game if you cannot play it with other people.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16229626, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. I'm very sorry to hear that you've encountered some issues while playing Monopoly. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs. If you have any questions, please sned us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-06-26T05:02:00Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'BigKen64', 'title': 'Good app but needs some fixes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 16, 13), 'rating': 3, 'review': '1. Don’t have the dice rigged when you’re playing the computers. They’ll dodge your properties way too often and always make money off chance cards etc. \n\n2. Have a button for us to turn off trade offers. It gets annoying when each computer is asking every turn to make a deal and you have to reject over and over. \n\nOther than that the game is create, hurry up and drop the new themes!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Nono676', 'title': 'Communication issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 14, 0, 7), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The app seems to freeze quite a bit. I don’t like that there is no ability to communicate with the other players. Also, when making deals, all properties should display and the dollar amount should be more pronounced. Too easy to miss. Other than that, the game is legit. Thanks for making it. Much faster than playing on the board however I do like rolling my own dice. This game comes in really handy during COVID-19', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'FilmYak', 'title': 'Needs a way to speed up turns', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 1, 31, 24), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I don’t need to see the same animations beginning to end every single turn. When a property is bought, I don’t need it up on screen as long as it is, and there is no way to skip past that either. An option for faster animation, or animation skipping, would be an amazing add.  \n\nAlso needs a custom rule option — no buying property first orbit around the board. \n\nAdd those two things and my 3-stars goes to 5-stars.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'So earlier I was playing with my father and my brother and the game just freezes as my brother auction boardwalk for 600 then just says my brother needs to pay the taxes he did but now it just sits there and it’s my turn. I’m like seriously. Here I like the concept of the game but it just requires a lot of work send me feedback.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 1, 53, 31), 'title': 'Bugs and glitches mostly freezing', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Zemaksnend'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game but this past update has done well to help when there are freezes on the online platform and sometimes games just dont allow me to escape a menu forcing me to restart. Needs fixing.\n\nNew:\nGame goes smoothly and does not crash! However here are times where I can’t build houses while having a full set? Could this be fixed?! Love the game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 18, 28, 11), 'title': 'Glitches and Freezes', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KenHQz'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'Almost every roll feels out of place, on multiple occasions whenever the AI gets a monopoly, you will suddenly begin to land on those properties and lose all of your money. When you land on chance or community chest you usually get the worst cards, while the AI keeps winning talent shows and beauty contests. The multiplayer connection is slow and it is easy to lose connection. Difficulty settings are only set for the AI and not the game in general. The only good thing about this game is that there are no ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 11, 16, 13, 5), 'title': 'Possibly rigged', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AngryManHere'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'I love how the apps laid out and feel like I’m really playing monopoly would pay for the mega edition( Hint Hint) I enjoy the single player mode but you find out how to win against the AI pretty easily. Next i hate playing online I’ve tried over 6 times now and have yet to finish one game because the online freezes when people go bankrupt against the bank and it’s very aggravating wish I could get my money back because it’s no fun beating a computer and I can’t play against people online.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 7, 4, 46, 59), 'title': 'Hate like a few things', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Russ247'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Edit 2/6/20: One star for attention, I can’t be the only one experiencing the terrible online play issues. I want to play this game but it’s almost impossible to get through a game without getting kicked out. \n\nEdit: This game is unplayable. You waste 20 minutes playing a game and it kicks you off during a trade. I want my money back!!!\n\nI have a lot of trouble with this app freezing and crashing and throwing me out of games. This is especially irritating since it’s a paid app. There needs to be a way to rejoin a game when you kick me out.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 14, 19, 22), 'title': 'It’s great when it works(edited)', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Djjvcv'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'It is impossible to complete a full game of monopoly on this app. There are a lot of glitches which might cause you to briefly lose connection. If one player briefly loses connection for an a few seconds the whole game is over. I started countless games with my friends and just when the game would get good, it would lose connection and there is no way to rejoin your game in progress. There needs to be a way to rejoin games in process and play off of WiFi via a solid network connection. High potential and highly disappointed.\n-Ryan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 21, 10, 39), 'title': 'Impossible to complete a game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'colliganryan'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'For now I’m going to have to give this a measly one star, seeing as how I can’t just give it none at all. I was really excited to see this coming to mobile, didn’t think twice about paying for it. However all I’ve been left with is regret over a wasted $4 because I have yet to get a single online game to load. Every time I match with people I go to the loading screen and there I remain for whatever amount of time I choose to spend waiting. Constantly closing out the app and trying again isn’t exactly the experience I was looking for.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 11, 40, 9), 'title': 'Can’t play?', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Amusing but annoying'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'The app is great and easy to use however every time I tried to play a game online with a friend, it would crash. We played multiple games and each one glitched and we couldn’t finish. This was beyond frustrating and really ruins an otherwise good app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 5, 22, 10), 'title': 'Couldn’t finish a game without crashing', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bullfrog2827'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'Okay so I understand that it came out but it’s been advertised for a while now and I was hella psyched. When you play single player, the pieces are named what they are like “Race Car” and “Ship” and not regular names like “María” or “Tony”. That’s really annoying. When you go to multiplayer it doesn’t let you pick your pieces and goes straight to the actually game and then freezes MULTIPLE TIMES. That really annoys. Like I get it, it’s a new game but they’ve been talking about this app for a while now and it’s already has a lot of problems.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 1, 9, 41), 'title': 'Really?🙄', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lilacandpink'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'In single player, the game worked fine other than it being tediously slow for the NPC. I wish there was a fast forward option. In multiplayer online, another player went away and or the game was stuck on that player’s turn for several minutes. There needs to be some kind of time limit set for each player’s turn. I like the trading function and opportunity to set house rules.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 20, 24, 43), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12323532, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T18:24:41Z'}, 'title': 'A bit slow', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SkyIceFire1'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I’m not sure if this only happens to me, but every single game I play with the computer, the green color ALWAYS has the most money, most properties, and best dice rolls that never seem to land on your property. I thought I was going crazy so me being the lunatic I am, I started keeping track of the properties all the players own at the end and in the past 11 games I’ve played, green ends up winning and having the most properties. The game runs good, but the amount of unfairness this game creates is insane. I’m sure it is to keep the player playing. Very frustrating and is rigged.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 1, 1, 7, 26), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23152587, 'body': 'Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. ', 'modified': '2021-06-02T11:58:20Z'}, 'title': 'Not 100% fair', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'olivia65101'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'I want the previous version back.  Many of my options are gone.  What happened to entering how much you want to offer for an auctioned property?  I only have incremental choices in $20 amounts, or “Big” choices of $100.  Thank goodness I still have my old version of Monopoly on my iPad.  What happened to the ability to get a bonus for landing on Free Parking?  What happened to the ability to begin with $2000 per player, and for getting $400 when you pass go.  ALL OF THESE FEATURES AND OPTIONS ARE GONE.  BRING THEM BACK!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 16, 14, 37, 57), 'title': 'What Happened?', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mjord'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'The game is great but one annoyance is that chance and community chest cards are shuffled instead of placed at the bottom of the stack whenever somebody draws. For example "Advance to Boardwalk" can come up several tines in a row rather than being out of play unless the game drags on. \n\nLuxury tax is $100 instead of the older $75.\n\nIncome tax is $200 with no option of paying %10 of total worth early in the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 19, 17, 48, 18), 'title': 'Card Shuffling & Taxes', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Craigbiz2021'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': '1. Minus one stars because you cannot earn other pieces to play with or maps to play on. It is only by paying can you get these. \n2. Minus no stars; Not all computers are created equal in percentages in chance or community chests. The harder the level the higher chance to bonus.($200 when pass go way too often)  \n3. Online is nice so... +4 Stars', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 21, 1, 22, 19), 'title': 'Maps and pieces should be earned as well', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PoisonedArrow'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I have two problems with the implementation of this game:\n\n1. The Chance and Community Chest cards are random instead of true decks. This means players can draw the same card twice in a row, which wouldn’t happen in the real game. \n\n2. There should be a time limit on turns. Without a time limit, a player can leave the game open and it will just hang forever on their turn, effectively ending the game for all players.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 10, 19, 59, 21), 'title': 'Good game but a few flaws', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kyllllle'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I’ve played every electronic based version of Monopoly since the early 2000s and the developers just CANNOT figure out to make competent and fair AI to play against. It’s either terribly easy or aggressively unfair. It all comes down to rolling. On the easy setting you always roll a good hand and on the hard setting the AI lands on property every time while you hang out in community chess. \n\nIs it so much to ask for a REAL dice rolling simulator? Like how it works in real life? Where the game is based on luck and joy some pre-determined algorithm? Like seriously you guys GET IT TOGETHER.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 23, 0, 18, 53), 'title': 'Why can’t Hasbro learn to make fair AI?', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JJVTCA'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'Great game smooth interface. My friends and I have been playing this game competitively with each other faithfully while in quarantine. Definitely worth the few bucks for it. My only complaint is 4 players is the max. Please add the option to add more than 4 players. You can add up to eight players on the original game board but 6 would make this game perfect.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 28, 3, 13, 21), 'title': 'Needs more than 4 players', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '3zydoesit'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'Fabulous game, lots of fun. PLEASE give us the ability to save our multiplayer online games with others and return to them days later. PLEASE. Oh, and please don’t turn the game over to AI unless we specifically request it. It’s very disturbing to be disconnected because of a random issue and then find out on reconnection that AI has made decisions that don’t work with your strategy. If you fix those two things it will be a six-star game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 15, 36, 24), 'title': 'Awesome but for two things', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NerdNurse'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'This is the most frustrating app I have ever purchased. You will play for x amount of time, then one of your friends, or you, will suffer a freeze-up or a disconnect. Then you can’t play. You can’t re-join a game once you get separated from it. The freezing completely freezes the game for everyone and you have to quit and restart a new game. My family tried this for 3 hours and played 6 games. WE NEVER GOT TO FINISH ONE. Don’t believe me? Go ahead. Spend your money. Tell me I’m wrong.  Worthless and I want my money back.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 26, 3, 19, 56), 'title': 'Do not buy if you want to actually complete a game.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '3xr3con'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'Love this game, but twice I have purchased all the remaining houses available and thus created a housing shortage, which according to the official rules, does not let anyone build a hotel (on 4 houses) as there are no more houses available for purchase. But twice, an opponent has added a "fifth" house (hotel) while there were no houses to buy. \n\nEach housing shortage created by me was ignored by these game algorithms. Very frustrating. Please fix! \n\nAgain, otherwise a great game! 4 stars not 5!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 7, 0, 58), 'title': 'Housing Shortage', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mctmn'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 4, 12, 43), 'title': 'Good', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12506813, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are good suggestions, and already under consideration by our design team for possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.", 'modified': '2019-12-20T10:32:40Z'}, 'userName': 'BriisCheesii', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game! I wish that there was a way to communicate with other online players, if not a chat or emoji system, at least a way that we could friend each other to play again. If there was more ftp options, it’d make me happy, too. I’m not paying for a new board. Ever. But I’d like to earn it. Good start to what could be a really cool and well received game.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 19, 46, 51), 'title': 'Great Game but....', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'A-A-Ron_09', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Monopoly has always been my favorite board game. Therefore, I naturally decided to purchase the mobile game. It was fun however I feel it has so much potential to become a better game. They could have an in game currency system where their is an actual reward for winning rounds of monopoly online. I believe if this were implemented in the future it would make the game so much more enjoyable. That is the only reason I don’t give this game a 5 star.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 12, 5, 59, 26), 'title': 'Add more players/ Fix rejoining game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'papi115', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Honestly I love this game in every single way, except one thing. I just wish that there could be more than just 4 players. I wish that they choose up to 6 players like the original! Also whenever I slide down and text somebody, no matter if using WiFi or just data, my game lags me out and doesn’t rejoin me, or it says that I rejoined but it doesn’t change player or move. Other than that, it’s an amazing game!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 4, 30, 37), 'title': 'Great game, just one complaint', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'udpet', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game but there should be a way recognize if a player has left the board and be able to continue without that person. There are times when you have spent a while in a game and then it just stops without knowing if a player left or if it froze or what. This can get frustrating due to the time spent on playing the game.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 24, 7, 11, 11), 'title': 'Fun and good but...', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jaysunny12', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The games is great when playing the A.I. or pass and play but when playing online after 10 to 15 minutes or so The game will freeze. It happened 6/10 times I play even when I play the quick playing at first you think it’s just the other players or you’re bad connection but it happens to many times and with different people to be that the game is fun and all I just expect more from online play'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 1, 24, 53), 'title': 'Start of something great!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PailleJosh', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Did a good job with the initial release. Bugs with crashing. Would be nice to add a delay to rejoin if a quick loss of service is experienced. Also be able to click on properties when its not your turn to strategize while other players are taking their sweet precious time *gives wife stink eye*. Be prepared to start a few games without finishing due to the crashing issue and the AI not working after.\n***update*** \nCrashes reliably when you go to make a trade. (More so two hours into a game)'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 22, 52, 54), 'title': 'Awesome! 😎 ❤️', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'unicorn HATER!', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is so cool and is just like the actual board game!\nSpending $3.99 is worth it. You should play this game. You will be very addictive. What is also cool is you can play with your friends with WiFi, or you can play it in the car or something like that without WiFi. \n\n        In conclusion, this game is AWESOME and you should definitely get this game! ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ I love this game so much!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 17, 13, 31), 'title': 'I love monopoly, but...', 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12385216, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard towards fixing all of the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-13T17:48:08Z'}, 'userName': 'moooveyluver', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I’ve played 2 games versus the AI (3players) and the game crashed both times. It just hangs after an AI roll and won’t progress. Both times near the end of the game. Restarting does nothing. \n\nThe games processing of deals needs more work. If I’ve positioned myself so that I have a complete color set and one property in each other color set, I have massive leverage, but I am still open to deals. The AI doesn’t seem to understand that and only sees the paper value of a proposed trade. But the “game” value is often much more. If they don’t trade more aggressively, they will lose. \n\nAnyway. Both times I’d gotten to that point, the game crashed.\n\nAddendum:  There is also a bug that will only allow me to trade with one player. I’ve played several games were it doesn’t happen, but when it does it instantly makes the game unplayable.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 6, 6, 44), 'title': 'Big disappointment', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mackcool', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Playing online requires you to play the whole game in one sitting. I can’t believe that there are so little reviews that mention this. I don’t think requiring you to complete a game in one sitting is very mobile friendly. I wish there was an option to take my turn when I want like words with friends and I would get a notification when it’s my turn again. It is a turned based game after all. I guess the game would have to be built from the ground up with this in mind. I will never play this game again unfortunately'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 5, 48, 42), 'title': 'Needs A Fast Forward Button', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Partyfoooool', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The game is exactly what you expect, monopoly in all its glory. The game itself is very enjoyable and a good way to pass the time, but the one thing I found myself wanting more and more was an option to quickly speed through the bot turns (in single player) to make the game more engaging in the slower parts.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 8, 22, 43, 9), 'title': 'RIGGED', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12297503, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your feedback. The dice rolls and chance cards were designed to be completely random as each combination of dice or card has equal probability.  But the thing with luck is that it is very inconsistent! Hopefully this streak of bad luck will be over soon. However, I will ask our QA team to keep an eye on this to make sure it is working as intended. ', 'modified': '2019-12-09T16:00:11Z'}, 'userName': 'Offbeatana', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I have played this game several times and each time it’s rigged. I wish I could show a picture. I have a monopoly with all hotels on boardwalk, the browns, the light blues, the purple and the yellow and the other computer always misses them by ONE. This game should’ve been over with hours ago. The only monopoly the computer has is the railroads and  I miraculously keep landing on them or getting chance cards that tell me to advance to them! And he miraculous keeps going to jail, advancing to go or getting money from the chance cards. I like the old version way better.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 20, 21, 16), 'title': 'Would be great without bugs.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fun guy 102', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'This is a great game and I was so happy to see it in the App Store. However, it’s almost unplayable with the sheer amount of bugs it contains. The dice and other pop-ups will stay on the screen for 4-5 turns. The game randomly freezes halfway through on occasion. The deal section neglects to show up when the button is pressed. It’s a nightmare (especially when you’re winning). This game will be great they just need to fix the bugs.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 4, 20, 52), 'title': 'Online Is a Mess', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SFXtreme3', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game itself is a lot of fun.  The interface is intuitive and the timers are set nicely.  The quick play feature is nice, too.  However, online freezes quite a bit and there is no resume game feature if you have to restart the app.  Consequently, you will rarely finish an online game.\n\nIf you plan to purchase the game for it’s single player, do it.  If you plan to get the game for it’s online play, wait until it’s fixed.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 7, 2, 11, 7), 'title': 'FIX THE APP', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ovelutini', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game has a million glitches and errors... fix them before putting it on the app store and selling it. Fix the freaking app... so many connection errors. This is insane even free games from the app store run better than this piece of #%€*+£\nFIX IT OR STOP SELLING IT. Wasted my money on the trash\n\nIm only giving it 5 ⭐️ so the comment shows up at the top'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 15, 47, 44), 'title': 'Suggestions', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sabrineenicoleeeeee', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I gave it 4 it gets boring once you’ve played every style. I miss the board versions you have came out with so many different physical board games that you should incorporate into this game I like the sore losers version or the Disney ones even the billboard one I have the physical copies of them all literally all of them I’m a collector but I would love to see them on here as well'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 10, 22, 34, 53), 'title': 'They charge for everything', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TheMaverick37', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'This app is such a disservice to the board game. The developers, Marmalade, try to nickel and dime you for everything. All the extra pieces and boards cost money. But that’s not all, if you buy a new board or piece you can’t use it unless everyone else in your game bought that specific board or piece as well. Maybe this would be acceptable if the game was free, but it’s not. This is a terrible money grab. Just play the real board game with family and friends. This mobile version is shameful.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 25, 17, 15, 32), 'title': 'Game is great but needs multiplayer improvement', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Antoniodeadmau5', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I only got to complete 1 out of 3 games online because of players leaving or going afk during a game. There should be some kind of punishment system for players leaving or get auto kicked and an AI takes over if a player does not interact with the game in a certain amount of time. I will give 5 stars once this issue gets addressed.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 18, 16, 52, 12), 'title': 'Needs a chat feature', 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17901803, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. This is a great idea, I've shared it with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features, so please, send us an email to help@marmalademail.com in case you have more ideas.", 'modified': '2020-09-16T04:42:17Z'}, 'userName': 'How refreshing', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Please consider partnering or integrating with Discord or add a chat feature. Maybe this is a pricier download? I’d pay for it if I could text other people and not have to switch back and forth between my Discord app to figure out if the game froze with other people through the chat in discord.\n\nPlease let everyone know WHY the game sometimes freezes for online multiplayer with friends and with random players.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 14, 56, 34), 'title': 'Leaving a game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 's_dddy', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I like Monopoly because you can play online with friends and you can also do multiplayer but the thing that I do not like is if you happen to leave the game or get on the phone or your phone dies then you can’t re-join the game because it just tells you the game cannot be found'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 5, 12, 35, 5), 'title': 'Do not buy this game it is not random at all.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Alejuanvb', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Do not buy this game it is not random at all. \n\nIt will make you happy the first day, after that it will make you mad.  If you don’t erase the game every time somebody quits the game and you don’t know. Yo will surely erase every time you notice that the game is not random at all.  Half of the time you are playing against bots.'}, {'userName': 'a guy that likes monopley', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s worth 4$ and that is the best 4dollars I’ve spent I would totally recommend no bugs or glitches and it’s really good and that during the corona virus it’s a good game to play with friends and that if you are not in quarantine I would still recommend because it’s a good game and also it’s just like the real thing so Harrison rates this game 5stars out of 5', 'title': 'This is a good game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 0, 47, 1)}, {'userName': 'MeriBeri228', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Very fun with lots of different options for how to play. Occasional glitches with games freezing, it’s difficult to go in and out of the app during a game, and they should really find a way to prevent “cheating” (where one player gives all of their properties and cash to another player) which ruins games WAY more frequently than I would have guessed.', 'title': 'Fun! but a few issues', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 19, 15, 42, 43)}, {'userName': 'CONCEITED DJ', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Reasons I’m giving it a 3 stars just the fact when you single player the computer gets doubles on almost every roll and  the actual player don’t. When you have hotels for some odd reason every time the computer rolls and skips over your hotels and I end up landing on theirs when I roll. Make the game fair man. Tell your coder to fix this. No such thing as easy, medium or high level challenge. NEEDS FAIR BALANCING LIKE ACTUAL HUMANS PLAYING THE GAME.', 'title': 'Single game play computer rigged.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 15, 50, 23)}, {'userName': 'Robert M II', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Tried and tried and tried. Wasted $4 on this since the only reason I bought was to play online with people. Games constantly keeps reconnecting which results in my turn being skipped over and over. Makes it completely pointless that my turn is skipped as others are able to play. Connected to WiFi so no issues there...\n\nAlso, the dice roll is not random. In one game I landed on go to jail 6 times in a row. Then I passed go and landed in income tax 3 times in a row. Maybe it’s random, but that doesn’t seem like the case', 'title': 'Can’t play with friends', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15303587, 'body': "Hi Robert! thank you for your feedback and review. Regarding the dices not being random, we are sorry to hear about your bad experience. We understand how frustrating it is to lose a turn, especially in a game like Monopoly. We have scheduled an update to be released this week that we hope will improve the freezing and connectivity issues. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.", 'modified': '2020-05-13T20:23:53Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 13, 4, 3, 59)}, {'userName': 'matthew1766', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the app and it’s potential, however, it is extremely frustrating when almost every online game freezes and or crashes during the game. Very frustrating. Please fix online and multiplayer bugs. When others leave the app during the game.', 'title': 'Online Game Problem', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 11, 12, 54)}, {'userName': 'Abcbuddy88', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'When you select go go online and play with “multiplayers online” it sets you up often with a rigged computer game player that constantly wins. It’s so obvious which one is the computer when all it’s doing is winning. You will never win. Also, when you try to play with people you know personally and you start your own game; it takes so many tries to try and get it to work and when it finally works, it kicks one of the players out at some point during the game. It’s not worth purchasing. Waste of time and money.', 'title': 'This game is crap', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 1, 45, 2)}, {'userName': 'jjj pap', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I always want to play monopoly, and i have the actual board game, but no one in my house wants to play with me, so this is really worth the $4 for me. The only thing is that it glitches sometimes, and it doesn’t show the amount of money each player has. It only happens when you click out of the game.', 'title': 'worth it', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 5, 43, 8)}, {'userName': 'yehudago', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'YOU CANT SAVE THE GAME! I like to play withy brother online (to bring back the good memories) but you can’t save the game in the middle. Sometimes we’ll play for about an hour and one of will have to go and attend to life (kids). But that means that’s it. Game over. Can’t save the game and continue later. That stinks... hopefully there’ll fix it.', 'title': 'Fun, but one big mess up...', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 21, 1, 11)}, {'userName': 'brainytax459', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The buttons for buying/selling houses, mortgaging and trade are too big...it results in me having an impossible time trying to add houses anywhere on the left side of the board (orang and pink spaces). And the players icons are too big. When there’s a debt to be paid, I can’t close the window because the first player’s icon is covering the exit button. I don’t why this is happening and I don’t know how to fix it.', 'title': 'serious problem with layout', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 2, 33, 7)}, {'userName': 'suuarfd', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Everything has gone smoothly since I’ve been playing this game. My only question is, do I have to have a purple player tag or can I change it? What I mean is when I buy a property and also when it’s my turn, those are indicated by a purple banner or marker. Can I choose which colour I want? I can’t seem to find anything in settings or online to help.', 'title': 'Great game, but I have one complaint.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 27, 17, 49, 44)}, {'userName': 'ena1227', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I just deleted the app. If you get a phone call or a low battery message it disconnects automatically even if you don’t answer and it doesn’t allow you to get back to your game. You lose all your progress. After spending an hour on one game that’s so annoying !!! Don’t expect to play this game and get any phone calls and have your phone fully charged. You pretty much can’t leave the game once it starts.', 'title': 'Delete the app', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 16, 2, 35, 27)}, {'userName': 'nickl212121', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Overall I love this app. It’s the classic game of monopoly that I love. My only issue with it is there is no boot timer if someone decides to quit playing. If it’s someone’s turn and they walk away it will sit forever. Perhaps the game is freezing but either way there needs to be a timeout option if a player takes too long. Almost every game I’ve played has never finished due to this issue.', 'title': 'Not bad', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 25, 14, 50, 11)}, {'userName': 'maggzieee', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Years ago I had a monopoly board game app that I had paid for and it disappeared from my phone and the App Store. There were so many more ways to customize game play! It didn’t try to get you to buy anything else inside the app- and when you picked the computers difficulty level, it actually worked. The computer favors the AI characters SO much in this version and it makes gameplay really frustrating instead of fun. I regret the money and time I’ve spent on this.', 'title': 'What happened to the old one?', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 19, 13, 52, 3)}, {'userName': 'Chazby69', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love playing this game. I always have a solo game going, and when I have time, I’ll knock out an online match. The ONLY thing that keeps this from being 5 stars is the lack of a stats/ranking system. There’s no career stats, no achievements, no tournaments and ranks. That little bit of extra goals would take this app to the next level for me. Please, please, please take this into consideration.', 'title': 'PLEASE SEE THIS!!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 16, 2, 2, 16)}, {'userName': 'awesome pen15', 'isEdited': True, 'review': 'I wrote this review maybe a year or two ago and it still applies to the app today: “I can never play with friends without the game just totally freezing and no matter what I do, I can never get it to work again. It’s a great game and is fun when it runs smoothly but this bug needs to be fixed ASAP because it seems as if this happens every time I try to play.”\nIt is so frustrating when you invest your time (and money) into a childhood-favorite game that seems to freeze and crash every game without fail!!', 'title': 'Game freezes too much', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16229631, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. I'm very sorry to hear that you've encountered some issues while playing Monopoly. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs. If you have any questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-06-26T05:02:42Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 29, 6, 21, 41)}, {'userName': 'Chkchk sultani', 'isEdited': False, 'review': '•The game need to add some level or trophy system to encourage players to play more and have a goal to play toward like points/xp for winning and all so they can improve how their profile look in front of other players\n\n• The game could also use an in-game chat where players can text and interact with each other instead of these fixed messages that are useless and less fun.\n\nPLEASSSSE TAKE THOSE COMMENTS IN CONSIDERATION FOR THE NEXT UPDATE', 'title': 'Great but can use some improvements', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23652938, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. \r\n", 'modified': '2021-06-29T12:10:23Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 28, 3, 48, 58)}, {'userName': 'BGR714', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "This version of Monopoly is so much harder to play than a previously available version for iOS.\n\nIt is pretty, VERY pretty. It is also so visually busy as to be incomprehensible. Sorting out what is happening at any given time is just plain tiring.\n\nThe application is also slow. It requires repetitive tasks, especially when attempting trades. The previous version of Monopoly permitted proposals to be modified easily.\n\nAlmost every rejected proposal in this version demands formulating a completely new proposal. In other words, the player is bogged down in repetitive tasks: select the trade function, select the trade partner, select the core pieces of the trade, and then a few modifications can be made from the previously rejected proposal. Ugh.\n\nI have not yet had the patience to finish a game. It's too much work.", 'title': 'Requires so much work to play', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 16, 28, 41)}, {'userName': 'J2k Jomdog', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'You choose multiplayer but your playing the computer. It’s one thing if someone leaves and the computer jumps in but it’s another to play online with a computer. I want to play real people. I don’t mind waiting another minute or two to find a real person. The computer messes up the game. People take advantage of the system because they know how to manipulate the computer. You can do trades and buy stuff from the computer, that a normal person would never consider. The computer bots have ruined this classic game', 'title': 'Too many Computer Bots', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 25, 16, 30, 15)}, {'userName': 'Rugergfd', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'App works great until you get a notification such as low battery on iPhone or you accidentally click on another notification. You would think that the game would time out after so long and it would continue. I’ve had this app for a week and have had to restart at least a dozen games because the app froze when someone lost connection. If i am paying to play a game, it should preform better than this...', 'title': 'Fun to play, but don’t let it loose connection', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 3, 59, 50)}, {'userName': 'shereefermadness', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Playing against the computer is incredibly frustrating, even at moderate level. The algorithm is so poor, I can predict what I will roll (if the game wants me to land on a railroad vs a property, etc.). 9 out of 10 games, the other computer players land and buy all the properties before I’m able to even able to land on one. And the trading function is so rigid it makes this app mind numbingly infuriating.\n\nIf these presets determine game outcomes nearly 100% of the time, what’s the point of playing? I infinitely prefer an older monopoly app I used to have but no longer exists.', 'title': 'Crappy algorithm', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 1, 17, 28, 32)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Another great digital board game adaptation', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 28, 18, 54, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I loved Marmalade’s take on Clue, so of course I had to play this. And while I miss the more sophisticated graphics and living city aspect from the PC/Switch version, this Monopoly makes up for it by being a smoother game overall. Turns go by faster, and the AI is smarter and more persistent even on the lower difficulty settings. It’s really great!', 'userName': 'DHimrich'}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Ai is so broken', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 1, 46, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I don’t normally write reviews, but after spending money to purchase this app I expected to get my money’s worth. My first few games I played against the bots on medium, thinking my experience playing the real life board game would suit me well. However, it began to become apparent that the ai would do anything in its power to defeat you. Over 10 games I lost every single time, even on easy difficulty. They will force you into bad trades, if you refuse they will simply work together to defeat you. \n\nMy advice: Don’t waste your money or your time on this scam of a “game”', 'userName': 'Dave34609876'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'No save', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 4, 4, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is just like it really is, and I like how you can play with friends and pick your own rules, however if you are playing with a friend you can’t go back to that game if you leave, and you can’t pause, but if you leave the tab you get replaced with an AI who does everything for you, so I think this would be way more enjoyable if you could pause the game, save the game, and be able to add and request friends', 'userName': 'lilstupidhead'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but buy and lacking features', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 29, 16, 20, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Fun to play but multiplayer games keep freezing and crashing halfway through, with no way to resume and not lose your whole game. Also dolls let you choose your color and strangely has very few token options, even including the ones you can buy. Doesn’t even come with all the original tokens, let alone tokens from the wide assortment from the thousands of spinoff monopoly games', 'userName': 'anthstokes'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19735549, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that you are loving our MONOPOLY game. I am happy to tell you that the team is already working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date.\r\n\r\n\r\nIf you have further questions, please don't hesitate to send us an email at help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-12-14T05:23:30Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love this game with one downside', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 19, 57, 14), 'isEdited': True, 'review': 'Extremely fun and loving however if you disconnect from a game with friends you can’t join back. Is there anyway that can be adjusted??? Really important !!!!\n\n Still waiting on this update!!! How long for a response? Results? We pay for this game I’m sure there is something that can be done!', 'userName': 'Retro_so_legendary'}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Too Easy.  Fake “real players”', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 19, 4, 55, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'No matter whether you play against the computer or multiplayer it’s really just the computer.  You can’t play against an actual person like it says.  It’s incredibly predictable and simple to win on “hard” level. All you have to do is make them run low on money by trading them a higher end color like green, dark blue, yellow, red and they give you cash plus purples or oranges.  Then just quickly as possible build houses and hotels affordably. \n\nIf you lose a game you should honestly quit monopoly forever or play me for money😂', 'userName': 'Jake - Not from England'}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Meh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 7, 47, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Online multiplayer auto-plays and for that I’m giving this app 2 stars. My girlfriend and I both paid for the app and would much rather play real people in real time but we quickly realized that we were playing separate games with the same people. (When a trade happened we realized that it showed a trade on my phone but on her phone was a completely different game with the same people.) So unless you want to be stuck against an Ai, regardless of your chosen load out, don’t buy this app.', 'userName': 'infinitespudbud'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Love Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 12, 6, 28, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love playing this game. I wish there were a few changes for near future updates. First would be in game chats, would be nice to talk while playing with people from around the world. Next would be a timer. This would serve for those people that leave their phones on the game without playing. When the time counts down, you would either lose a turn, or maybe an auto roll for you would happen.', 'userName': 'TTUjstr'}, {'rating': 1, 'title': '1 major flaw', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 25, 6, 53, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game. Feels just like I’m playing the original. 1 bummer is there’s no way to communicate to other players in the match. The major flaw though is there is no timer per turn, or if there is it is broken. If someone stops playing there’s nothing you can do but sit there and hope they come back... I wish it would skip to the next persons turn or have a robot play for them if they go inactive. I have to keep quitting games and starting over because players go AFK. It’s really frustrating because it happens a lot.', 'userName': 'Keats5151'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12507701, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-20T11:26:12Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'The Bugs!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 15, 38, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ever since the last update I have not been able to finish a game online or in single player mode.  Somewhere around the sixth or seventh bought property it freezes in on the board with no option to move forward, or a turn will pop up but won’t give you dice to roll, or an auction will freeze.  I’ve tried at least a dozen games and by about a dozen rolls the game has frozen and forces you to close the app and restart a game.  Love this game but it’s unplayable until this is fixed.', 'userName': 'Cerillion'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12489877, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T13:41:54Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Potential but needs major improvement', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 5, 7, 8), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve enjoyed playing Monopoly when it works great! But whew is it frustrating when you’re playing Online and then a friend gets disconnected for unknown reasons. This game needs better background/multitasking support. Just because someone exits to text someone back, or accidentally exits the game, doesn’t mean the connection should disconnect and the game ends by replacing a player with AI. I hope to see major improvements with the Online with Friends option. Pleaseeeee!?', 'userName': 'FireSamue'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12317527, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T12:34:10Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Not worth the money', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 22, 28, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I never buy apps. I’m annoyed that the first one I do buy, has so many issues. I have not completed a single game since downloading. When I try online multiplayer, it always freezes for me. My girlfriend also purchased this game and every time we play together, one of us gets kicked out right when we’re getting close to the end. Game has the potential to be a lot of fun, but it’s super frustrating when you can’t complete one game. Definitely not worth the money.', 'userName': 'lekkaxoxo'}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'So much fun! Small glitch', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 19, 2, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really love this game! Always have since I was a kid, it’s worth the money ($4). The only problem with the game is that every once in a while someone in the game freezes and the only way to fix it is to leave the game. Either way I still think it’s worth it because most of the fine it works:) I wish the add ons were a little cheaper but great game 👌🏼', 'userName': 'Danisuar'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23289360, 'body': 'Hello! Thank you for the review and feedback! We are currently working on a feature that will allow players to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. Thank you for your patience and apologies for the inconvenience. Please know that you can also reach out at help@marmalademail.com for direct support.', 'modified': '2021-06-09T14:08:38Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'They’ve GOT TO FIX MULTIPLAYER', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 8, 7, 10, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'so I had this game years ago when there was a free version. Finally decided to stop being cheap and pay the $4 and concluded the app is overpriced. I bought it to play my boyfriend but the multiplayer Is the worst I’ve seen. There’s no handoff. So if I play on my iPad then my phone, there’s no continuity. I would have to start a new game. Even with online multiplayer if you leave the game or it crashes, you can’t rejoin the game you just left. It’s terrible and makes me want a refund.', 'userName': 'She Shine'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18261058, 'body': 'Thank you for reaching out. We are sorry to hear that you are experiencing these issues with Monopoly and completely understand how frustrating this must be for you. We are actively listening to our players’ feedback regarding connection instability and game freezes and are doing everything in our power to address them. We desire only the best gaming experience for our players and won’t rest until all known issues are resolved. However, our work does not stop there. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs. If you have any questions please feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n', 'modified': '2020-10-04T21:11:20Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'It freezes all the time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 3, 2, 3, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a fun game, who doesn’t love Monopoly? It’s been a quarantine buddy since April.  \n\nHere is the MAJOR problem: When playing multiplayer online it tends to freeze in the middle of the game. Not just once in a while, it freezes like 20% of the time.  It’s maddening because it seems to happen well into a game and there is no signal that it’s frozen.  All the graphics keep working; it just seems like a player is thinking (some people are very slow players).  After 5 minutes, you realize you just wasted an hour.', 'userName': 'cburgan'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18181778, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear about your bad experience with our MONOPOLY app. Could you please send us an email with details about this issue to help@marmalademial.com?Is this constantly happening? Could you please send us a screenshot when the screen freezes? \n\nUnfortunately, we are unable to process this refund ourselves as Apple does not allow developers to directly handle refunds. Please follow the steps described in the following link to request a refund directly from Apple:\n\nhttps://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT204084\r\n\n\n', 'modified': '2020-09-29T19:46:41Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Game gets stuck literally all the time. I want a refund', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 27, 20, 35, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Normally I don’t post reviews but this game literally has gotten stuck on me about 4 times in a row randomly throughout the game when I’m playing online matches with other people. When someone lands on a property and it’s for sale, it shows a pop up asking if they want to buy the property. I’m not even the one buying the property and that pop up gets stuck and makes me unable to roll and therefore I can’t do anything. I have to quit the game and join a different game. I want a refund.', 'userName': 'GboyHeat'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17900801, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I'm very sorry to hear that you had such a bad experience with Monopoly. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r We are preparing an update that will be released very soon, it contains stability and performance tweaks. For more questions or concerns, don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-16T03:19:33Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Waist of MONEY!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 14, 23, 18, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve had this app for about 6 months and it seemed like it worked fine in the beginning. As time went on, I noticed so many glitches that it wasn’t even fun to play anymore. Especially after I’ve invested hours in an online game only for it to freeze. \nAlso, when Playing online, you end up playing against the computer often 😑. For a paid app this is ridiculous!!! And I’ve waited too long for all the updates that never worked. \nUNINSTALLED!!!', 'userName': 'Another creature'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15283224, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-05-13T05:12:35Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Dice rolls are not random', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 12, 22, 4, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I play AI mode mostly. Far to many times the AI just happens to miss high dollar properties. Absolutely, impossible because it will happen over and over. This needs to be fixed. Next update make the dice rolls truly random. There is far too many people who keep saying the dice rolls are not random. I read the maker said it is not rigged and dice rolls are random. I can predict in some senario’s what the roll will be and I’m right. Can’t be random.', 'userName': 'luv_company'}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'New update is not good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 20, 40, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After updating to new version, it’s not allowing player to roll a dice or end turn after they make a trade. So basically you are stuck with no other option to go forward. This is a very bad blocker and we have no other choice but to quit the game.   Hope dev can look into this issue as soon as possible and get us a better update without anymore of these issues. Until then will be waiting...to playing this game again!', 'userName': 'GilidartsClive'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but needs some tweaks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 28, 3, 51, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This brought me back to childhood playing with family and friends however it’s missing one key element, the ability to chat! We need a chat functionality in the game so we don’t have to leave to text messages every 5 minutes and interrupt the game. \nAlso it would be great if we could know the max number of players on the online multiplayer option is it four or 8 or no max?', 'userName': 'bianca4556'}, {'userName': 'TonTonTonT', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'THe game is fun but when you’re a hour in, it freezes and you can’t complete the game you were winning. It’s so annoying when you’re just 1 person away from bankrupting and winning  the game or when you start coming back from losing. Like I paid 3.99 and it only works 50% of the time. ANNOYING!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 6, 2, 15), 'title': 'IT ALWAYS CRASHING'}, {'userName': 'Blondenia', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app works really well, and I like that it’s so easily customizable. I don’t play online, so I don’t have much perspective to offer there. \n\nThere are two things I wish you could do:\n\nThe first is small - I just wish you could rotate your view of the board. \n\nThe second is that I wish you could temporarily suspend trade offers from other players. If you’re playing the robot, it will ask you for trades every single turn in certain scenarios, and sometimes the deals it offers are completely absurd. Waiting for an offer to process every 30 seconds gets annoying when you have no intention of trading at that time or maybe for the duration of the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 18, 53, 34), 'title': 'Pretty Great'}, {'userName': 'stanrob554', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Fun game if you don’t plan to play online as this is SO broken I’m surprised it is legal to release this mess and take money from people for a half baked product.  Funny how devs say random no cheats, this is 100% false, do they think their customers are seriously that dumb?  A preschooler can figure out the cheating logic after a few games.  So when I said fun game, it is until the cheating logic kicks in which takes a great game of chance and completely ruins the experience, reply value is 5-10 games at most in single player because of this, total joke', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 14, 29, 1), 'title': 'AI absolutely cheats...'}, {'userName': 'Indigo Agent 0047', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This taught me the real rules to monopoly, and even helped me realize what’s acceptable as house rules. Really glad this was made for the phone. I’ve been dying to play monopoly with people for years but I never could get around to buying a board. I just wish there was more pieces available for in-game currency. But I love the T-rex and penguin!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 0, 44, 7), 'title': 'Nostalgia Board Game Trip'}, {'userName': 'HappyCamper??77', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game needs lots of work and this is my second review because no one cared to reply to the first.  This game is glitchy.  Sometimes when playing online you cannot see if someone purchased a property because their flag doesn’t show.  This has happened twice to me thus far.\nAnd I wish there was a way to report players who are only playing to mess everyone up by never trading etc.  It’s getting really old and I wish I never would have purchased this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 19, 0, 40, 11), 'title': 'Poor support'}, {'userName': 'MHERBO21', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Im not someone who spends money on apps bit since i realy love monopoly, i bought this app. It was good so far until I experienced the game freezing and it’s been happening with every game and i’m not sure why. It’s annoying because you have to quit and start a whole other game. so if u can please fix that freezing bug. Another thing, i think you guys should add a “game chat” in the game? i think that would be fun! but please fix that bcus i cant enjoy the game while the game keeps freezing thank you!! ((:', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 0, 37, 49), 'title': 'Well...'}, {'userName': 'Edderdanamug', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My wife and I were excited to play each other in the comfort of our own home, on our own couch and on our own devices. Unfortunately we couldn’t get around the board more than twice before the game disconnected us. Not recommended for online play until some bugs are fixed. Not recommended if you answer a phone call, text or try view another app while playing...Your game will end! We were only able to successfully play a full game with Pass and Play. Real Bummer after paying $3.99 each.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 3, 19, 37), 'title': 'Online with Friends'}, {'userName': 'arwrkight', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game has great potential however the game freezes constantly and/or just automatically disconnects the player and then they are removed from the game completely without opportunity to re-enter the game being played. There should be a way that you can close the app and get notifications when the online players take their turn. These are long games and having to stay in one app for so long is just impossible. Sad that I have paid $4 for this and have never finished 1 game that I started.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 19, 55, 19), 'title': 'To many app issues'}, {'userName': 'NacSwaping', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Every time I play online the game freezes in a players turn. I don’t know why that happens whether is connection or not. Place force a turn on every player every 3 minutes so everyone else can co tongue playing a a player loses connection or something. \n\nI paid a premium for the app. I expect it to function properly.\n\nPlease push an update to fix these problems or fail saves. I’ll change my review when the issue is fixed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 18, 45, 49), 'title': 'Game freezes when playing online'}, {'userName': 'Kettellkorn', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12296170, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review.\n\nMore custom mode rules would definitely shake things up! I have shared your feedback with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. \n\nRegarding our in-app purchases, they are all purely cosmetic and do not affect game-play in any way, but your feedback is greatly appreciated and your concerns about the pricing will be shared with the team.', 'modified': '2019-12-09T14:58:41Z'}, 'review': 'Game is fun. Very fun. I’d like to see more custom game options like more money at the start, more ways to inject currency into the economy to make games more interesting.\n\nOverall it’s a good start, however I don’t know who they think they are putting a 30 dollar price tag on their season pass. That’s a joke. 6 dollars for a different looking board? Give me a break guys.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 7, 53, 25), 'title': 'Y’all out of your mind pricing your DLC like that!'}, {'userName': 'Hweb13', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Great game...when it’s working!! The quick version of it goes really smooth but when trying to play online multiplayer in the classic version, 9/10 times it will glitch out. The characters will not show up, the board will just freeze at random moments and will not start back up again. I have still yet to be able to finish an entire game because of this. More stars when this is fixed!! Other than that though, it’s a great game, just like the classic!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 18, 36, 22), 'title': 'Glitches'}, {'userName': 'Beto12345322', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game and the the different maps and tokens are cool. But it needs something to keep people playing and coming back. Something that makes your wins more exciting. Maybe a leveling system where winning gives xp and you level and and unlock things through progression. Maybe the game should be free if there are micro transactions. But it’s a good start.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 1, 7, 58, 56), 'title': 'Good game, but could be GREaT!'}, {'userName': 'Hunny Bunny Eli', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is dope, especially the online option! The app itself is another story! There’s no win tracker or badges/awards for winning games. There’s also hella glitches. You loose all your progress when the app crashes or when the app completely freezes, which happens A LOT. It’s super frustrating. Also, the season passes are dumb, don’t waste your money. They don’t make the game more valuable at all. So big ups to the game but the app developers need a little more UX design education!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 15, 0, 43, 45), 'title': 'Great game, terrible app'}, {'userName': 'Anna Lucht', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Absolutely love the app, but it freezes in the middle of the game almost every time. I’ve played online with a friend 5 times and 4 of those were cut short right when the game was getting good. I would love to keep playing, especially because I spent money on this app, but it’s not worth putting in an hour or more on a game that won’t even let us finish. Please fix this glitch because I want to keep playing with my friends and actually finish a game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 1, 25, 28), 'title': 'Freezes Mid Game'}, {'userName': 'Jharmonix', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The colors, layout and general game play are fine.  But there is no WAY the dice rolls are random.  4 times in a row I’ve started games rolling a four, landing on Income Tax.  When I put houses and hotels on properties, opponents ALWAYS roll just the right number to avoid landing on them.  The last straw was having hotels on the big greens just past “Go To Jail”, only to have the other remaining player miss all 3 twice and then land on Go to Jail 3 TIMES IN A ROW to avoid paying rent.  This game is not worth the aggravation.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 13, 20, 23, 11), 'title': 'Great Graphics, Rolls are NOT Random'}, {'userName': 'La_Tina8', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love how you get to pick which rules to enforce. Having a virtual bank makes the game by a lot faster than in real life. In a nutshell, it’s of course the same game but without the tedious wait from other players and the tedious wait to get the math right from the bank. Worth the few bucks.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 4, 22, 35, 49), 'title': 'A lot more fun than the real one!!!'}, {'userName': 'sfw8', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is completely rigged to make you lose simply based on the rolls. They are NOT random. When you roll the dice, it’ll deliberately roll numbers that out you on spaces to make you lose money. The numbers rolled will make you land on other players spaces far too often leaving you to owe them money. The Community Chest and Chance cards are most likely going to be deductions. This game does NOT play in your favor. It also rolls numbers for the computer players to skip past your claimed spaces.\n\nThis game is AWFUL and not worth playing - even just for fun.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 6, 7, 12, 5), 'title': 'DO NOT PLAY'}, {'userName': 'Johnny the Jailer', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Good gameplay with adjustable AI. Knocked one star for the differences in some of the card wording (different than the classic board—probably more PC), Luxury Tax is $100 vice $75, 10% for income tax is not an option, and British spelling is used (e.g. “coloured”). I feel that if the game is licensed, then every effort should be made to make the game “classic”. Let the other changes be part of the options settings.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 20, 6, 14, 24), 'title': 'Classic game experience...almost'}, {'userName': 'NuffSaid', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really enjoy this game.  But after playing it for a while on single player I’m weary of watching the computer players slowly hop around the board. Just get to St James already.   Oh great you rolled a double.   Can you add a setting to speed up the other computer players.  Just a tap on the screen to bypass the moves.  Quick mode just eliminates aspects of the game from what I can tell (no chance or community chest).', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 5, 19, 47, 28), 'title': 'Quick Mode vs Animation Speed'}, {'userName': 'Breajeé', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a really fun game but it’s rigged for sure. The bots make RIDICULOUS trades that put one at an advantage while the other bot gains nothing from the trade. Its simple things but if you watch closely you’ll definitely notice. The bots hardly get a bad chance card or community chess card. If you have a lot of houses and hotels built they will literally land on everything except that (I watched it happen 3 times around the board). There’s more but if you play you’ll know what I’m talking about. But it’s fun with real people!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 7, 22, 33, 24), 'title': 'No fun with AI'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Weywey121307', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 6, 45, 11), 'review': 'This version is more enjoyable without having to manage your money because the game does it for you. This makes it easier and faster. I also enjoy playing with my friends online. Overall it is fun and you should buy it if you want', 'title': 'Worth it and better than the board game', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GrilledOnion', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 2, 17, 1, 19), 'review': 'Every time you do pull down the quick menu on iOS, get a facetime call, look at notifications, the game disconnects. \n\nI was getting FaceTimed a couple times in a row, and afterwards I was never able to reconnect. It showed people using the chat saying to hurry up, but even my bot couldn’t continue my turn.', 'title': 'It’s great but has one issue that causes more issues.', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'The Grateful Live', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 26, 4, 11, 18), 'review': 'Imagine IRL playing for an hour and another player gets mad AND snatches the Board and runs away. Ruins the game for everyone. That’s what happens now 90% of the time! Out of the 12 + games of Monopoly I played here today we could only finish 2. It usually gets ruined when your winning and 1 or 2 are already bankrupted. They shouldn’t be capable of freezing the game just by quitting. It always happens on the losers’ turn. What can’t you fix this? Or make it so they are booted out automatically with 3 minutes of inactivity?', 'title': 'Don’t bother till it’s fixed &#@%*$-!', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GlassesLiquor', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 19, 1, 35, 33), 'review': 'The addition of random properties is a great feature, but it seems that new properties are given out every time you come back to a game after having left it for some time. I’d expect that property distribution would only happen at the beginning. This feels like a bug.\n\nTo the developers: I’d really like to be able to play in portrait mode rather than landscape mode. With my iPhone 6s, there’s too much hand fatigue when I play holding the phone with 1 hand, and I can barely reach the “End turn” button with my thumb (playing with my left hand). \n\nAlso, would love to have the custom option to turn off trading as the AI does it non-stop once I have the last property it needs...\n\nOverall, great take on a classic board-game!', 'title': 'Portrait mode?', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JB34259164', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 21, 45, 49), 'review': 'Great game, until someone gets upset and decides to stall until everyone leaves. The online mode is great but I’ve played a few games where people will stall and then the game has to be forced to an end there. If there was a way to vote someone off the game when they rage quit or stall after a period of time that would be great so everyone else can continue having fun.', 'title': 'Inhibited gameplay.', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hsandb', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 13, 4, 3, 49), 'review': 'Love the game, but wish there was a chat feature when playing online with friends. Toggling between apps kicks you out of the game so a chat elsewhere does really work. Also wish that the special boards like Atlantic City had matching themed property names. Otherwise great game/app. My friends and I have been playing a lot during social distancing.', 'title': 'It’s fun, but could add some features', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15306512, 'body': "Thank you for your feedback! I'm happy to tell you that our next update will include a reaction chat, and it will be available this week for all our users. I've also shared your suggestion about matching property names with our design team for them to consider as a future update. We appreciate you letting us know what you would like to see in Monopoly! ", 'modified': '2020-05-14T00:47:31Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lahdidah76', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 21, 43, 32), 'review': 'This game is great and a lot of fun to play solo, but if you are playing with friends, way too often, the game will lose the connection and there is no way to resume play once that happens.  So you’ll be an hour into a game and then, whoops, there goes the connection, game over. Also, I like that you can suspend a game in solo mode, that option should also be available in online with friends mode.', 'title': 'Disconnects way too often mid game', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'adicicilia', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 3, 29, 46), 'review': 'Don’t get me wrong, I love monopoly and the graphics on the app are amazing. Everything looks great and there different ways to play, with custom rules, or the classic version. You can change locations and themes. All that being said, it’s impossible to finish a full game without the app crashing and disconnecting from the game. I bought the app last year and since then I’ve only been able to play 1-2 full games. I’m a huge monopoly fan and I jumped at the chance of buying the game. Unfortunately, I feel like I wasted my money.', 'title': 'Impossible to play!', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'shoedmj', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 17, 6, 47), 'review': 'Unable to finish a multiplayer game online or an online game with friends due to the game freezing or lagging. This bug causes a player to get kicked out and replaced with the AI sometime during each game. After that, there is no way for the person to re-enter the game. \n\nIf this issue gets resolved I will be happy to change my review to 5 stars, because this game is fantastic otherwise and a great adaptation of the physical board game.', 'title': 'Lags/Freezes', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Amy Larissa', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 23, 40, 58), 'review': 'I’ve been playing for about a week now and have noticed that the game definitely chooses a player to favor, especially if you play at medium level or above. It’s just too coincidental that when the game is down to 2 players the favored one will never land on the properties you still have standing. They land on their own or a mortgaged property. It’s frustrating to say the least. Not really worth the $4 unless you play on the easy level to give yourself a chance.', 'title': 'Dice Are NOT in Your Favor', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hdudowbe', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 3, 7, 52), 'review': 'It’s rare that I get to play a game through. Sometimes it’ll just show the board and play the music without any action. I’m sitting right next to the person I’m playing online with, 1 on 1, and our screens are doing the same thing. After investing $4 on the app and 2 hours building up the game we are forced to quit. This doesn’t really make me feel confident starting a new game because I never know if it’s going to glitch out and ruin it all. PLEASE FIX THESE ISSUES!', 'title': 'Super fun when it actually works', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Roo81!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 3, 38, 37), 'review': 'Love the game but keeping a connection is a problem. Also when playing with AI it’s very difficult to buy houses for the purple. It’s hard to explain but the Buy House symbol extends over the properties and you can tap them in order to add houses. \n\nOtherwise a fun and addictive game. Even Quick mode takes a bit. Very worth playing especially if you like Monopoly.', 'title': 'Good game but buggy', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'stevenjude', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 26, 22, 23, 39), 'review': 'A couple of friends and I purchased this game to play against each other online. Ever since I purchased it, 3 days ago, we’ve tried playing 6-7 games till now and we’ve never been able to play even 1 to completion. The system hangs and freezes randomly within the game after an hour of play sometimes and doesn’t allow any input. If we exit, we don’t even have an option to come back to the game. Am really disappointed that such a problem would exist in this game.', 'title': 'Extremely disappointed', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'samtheboo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 19, 9, 8), 'review': 'I love Monopoly, but everyone knows it takes a while. That’s not my problem with this app at all. \n\nThe biggest issue is that when you play a game online, doing anything that leaves the app disconnects you with no way to get back in. This includes swiping down on a notification, opening control center, opening your airpods case and tons of other things. \n\nThe app is great, but this problem ruins it for me. Please fix it!', 'title': '“Disconnected”', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'wannaquanta', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 9, 47, 7), 'review': '3 out of the 4 online games ive played were unable to be finished because someone was inactive during their turn. There needs to be some sort of timer or autoplay setting. Also, although im playing online, it feels like im playing against bots occasionally. If these issues get fixed and chat is added, 5 stars!', 'title': 'Overall fun, but settings need to be added.', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'xxBassBearxx', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 3, 24, 37), 'review': "Great Graphics, Soundtrack and original gameplay...only Im not sure why online multiplayer doesn't work for my up to date ipad pro please fix bugs and I'll be sure to give 5 star. \n\nPS: you guys robbed me of a couple bucks way back when I had the original on the app store & play store cause you guys took it down : / but its no biggie now.. thanks for the game back ; ]", 'title': "I'v been Waiting too long for this", 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ooric', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 22, 6, 8, 13), 'review': 'This game has some nice options/effects, but it’s so buggy that I wish I could get my $4 back. I don’t see an option to play on a local board, the AI can make the same trade request every turn, you can’t skip animation, and worst of all, you can’t complete a game with friends because any game freezing or network interruption doesn’t let you resume the game again. Another major annoyance is you can’t skip buying a property (either pay or auction). They’re advertising paying for a holiday board, but should fix some core issues first.', 'title': 'Soo buggy', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Coonvega19', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 10, 4, 11), 'review': 'I have a video of me being skipped several times while other players got to play and buy all the land and I couldn’t role or move. I definitely NEED to speak to someone about this... I need some sort of compensation for this game. And not just for me but for my fiancé who wanted me to buy the game for her as well. No way this game should be up and functioning with all the bugs it has. This needs to be more than fixed, it needs to be taken down, fixed, and remodeled. Nobody should have to deal with this kind of frustration.', 'title': 'I have video evidence. This game is a scam.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12492559, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. If you have video footage of a bug then please do send it to us in an email: contactus@marmalademail.com. This could be very helpful in helping us get to the bottom of your issue. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T16:08:43Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'ednopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 2, 4, 13), 'review': 'There a few aspects of the game that need tweaking. Dice roll animation with piece movement should be quicker. A force countdown on dice roll and end turn. I have had several incomplete games because a player simply did not roll dice anymore. Also an inactivity kick to player who close app or become idol during game play, to be replaced by AI or player in que with an option to join existing game... \n\nSeems also to be some glitches between player turn switch. Also an auto roll option would be nice, except when in jail leave the option to roll for doubles or pay the 50$. \n\nAlso a good deal, fair deal, and bad deal indicator for trades would be good for newer player who are on the game with out a clue of what they are doing..\n\nOther than that everything else is good quality...', 'title': 'Good but room for improvement', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12321614, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T15:57:43Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Boardgamer75', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 19, 32, 32), 'review': 'I looked forward to this game from when it was first announced. It is very fun to play and easy to use but it has some issues. \nYou can’t pause it. I haven’t finished a single game because it always resets if you exit the app. It is very frustrating having to restart the game every time. \nAlso the in-app purchases are very extensive especially considering this game already costs to download.\n\nI would enjoy the game so much more if these issues were fixed.', 'title': 'Fun but has some issues', 'rating': 2}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Online gameplay needs to have some type of way to forcefully disconnect a player. It’s super frustrating when someone starts acting ridiculously - like asking plays for all of their properties for $1 or just sending “Hmmm....” 15 times before letting their turn end.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 29, 2, 12, 24), 'title': 'Online Gameplay', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Caleberger'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'Are we not going to fix the issue with the computer “player”. Seems like the computer rolls the perfect number to get an advantage (money & property) also rolls the perfect number to skip your hotels or anything else involving losing money. Rolls are definitely not random I just played a game and the whole game I was landing on the opponent’s property. Seemed like I was always paying and never earning money. Please fix this. So that it’ll be an actual game of chance for fairness.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 24, 4, 8, 28), 'developerResponse': {'id': 21289124, 'body': "Hi Antonio, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way! We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more concerns to share. \r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-25T11:30:38Z'}, 'title': 'Computer issues.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Antoniolira927'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Buy this game if you want to feel utter frustration. I never write reviews but I must warn you this game is NOT worth the money. AI bots will almost never land on your property especially if you have multiple houses and hotels! They get perfect rolls every time, with very frequent double rolls that somehow miraculously always land on optimal spots. Meanwhile, you can expect to land on every taken property, draw every Chance and Community Card that requires you pay, land in jail a bunch and land on every spot on the board that requires you pay consistently. There is nothing random about these die!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 1, 10, 12, 43), 'title': 'RIGGED RIGGED RIGGED', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dayabthera'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'This used to be an all around great game. I haven’t played since mid 2020 but recently started playing again this week. After playing 2 rounds of single player, I noticed the computer would almost always do the following:\n\n1. Gain monopolies a lot quicker than I would.\n2. When I would gain monopolies the computer would somehow skip over or between all of them. Most times with going around the board a consecutive 2+ times. \n3. Draw cards that would award them more money vs. me losing money or going to jail more often than not.\n\nMost of the issues I have goes back to the developers saying everything is “random”. It’s very hard to believe when the things listed above are happening in over 70% of the games I play, even after me starting new games.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 12, 5, 43, 51), 'title': 'Used to be a great game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Atech3'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Been reading the ratings for this app for a long time. Finally after reviewing some of the latest ratings and looking at the version history, I decided to purchase last night. My family and I LOVE THIS GAME!  So much fun!  No problems - just smooth playing.  I even won the first game.  Beginner’s luck I guess.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 12, 37, 9), 'title': 'I was waiting!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LogoLady2'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'It’s very fun to play with friends. There is only a few things I have noticed about the game if you leave during an online game with friends you get kicked out and are not allowed back in. The other thing that would be nice would be if you could actually type in something chatty to your friends while you are playing. They have words you can say but it would be nice to write your own.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 16, 3, 26, 30), 'title': 'Fun', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'squidly 1254'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’m a long fan of monopoly been playing my whole life my favorite platform was basic Nintendo, the things I’d improve about this are there is not a way to fast forward, I don’t really care for the slow pace. Also the classic I believe you could play with up to 6-8 people, just some random ideas. \n\nOther than the previous stated great game worth the few bucks to have a classic so portable!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 6, 22, 44, 26), 'title': 'Could be better', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Barker93'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'This is the best digital rendition of the game I’ve played! A lot of fun playing remotely with family. Some things I’d love to see:\n1) Allow more than 4 players! This was a big disappointment for us.\n2) Click on any property to see it’s card (rents, prices)\n3) Allow more custom rules, like deciding what money goes onto free parking. That’s all I can think of actually...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 8, 1, 3, 29), 'title': 'Great implementation with a few quirks', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jpgeorge'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Played one online “private” game with 3 friends. Everything worked quickly and easily. The automated Banker really speeds things up. Our game ended in about 2 hours. \nThere is no way to communicate within the game itself. So be sure to set up a FaceTime/Skype/WhatsApp group at the same time. \nAnd finally, stay out of jail! 😉', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 15, 31, 55), 'title': 'Tons o’ Fun!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'To-doodler'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'This is just a base game, which is fine, but all the good stuff costs more than the app itself. At that point you should just get the Switch or Steam versions for content. Also I wish it didn’t restart just about every time I got off for a sec to check something else, and losing the game I was on. Most of all it needs saved games for single/local play, so you can pick it up later and not be forced to finish in one sitting.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 27, 20, 5), 'title': 'Needs more stuff not behind a paywall', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AtomBacon'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'I was playing this for a few weeks with my girlfriend (using 2 iPads over WiFi) without any issues and it was great. I really liked that if one of us accidentally closed the app we could easily rejoin without an issue. BUT NOW almost every game gets stuck and in there’s no way to proceed. This is very disheartening when you’re an hour into a close match and then suddenly our time was extremely wasted. Please fix the bugs!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 2, 0, 33), 'title': 'Freezing makes it unplayable', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jstnswn'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'Fun way to play Monopoly while social distancing but there are moments when another players takes way too long to play. Maybe if we are given a 30-45 second time limit or a bit takes control after a period of time so the game can still be played. I’m giving this game 3 stars because of that issue.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 5, 39, 34), 'title': 'Needs a better way to encourage players to take their turn. Game stays idle for far too long', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'UM02'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': "We have purchased this bundle pack during the Covid-19 pandemic and I understand that there will be a high demand for your servers, but you know how many people own the game and should have a system that can handle the loads if need be. \n\nWe can't finish one single game without It freezing or disconnecting 100 times. Most of the time you can't even get back into the game. That makes the last 30-45 minutes a waste. You can't rejoin any of the matches with the codes provided, and that has nothing to do with the server loads. \n\n$9.53 after taxes for 9 devices because the family sharing aspect apparent isn't working either. \n\nNow do you see my frustrations? No discounts on pricing even though the game experience isn't what we are paying for in theeast.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 16, 31, 16), 'title': 'Love the game, when you can actually play', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NoRegrets187'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve had this game for a couple of days now and I’ve played probably 10 or more games but I’ve only completed maybe 4. The game begins to work fine but as the game gets longer it will freeze and you’ll have to exit out the app and begin a new one. It’s very aggravating.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 17, 55, 29), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12298881, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T17:21:48Z'}, 'title': 'Game eventually stops working', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hdann06'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’ve had the game a little over a week. It plays terribly slow, only to be expected with Monopoly, but so much of the game is automated that i end up just staring at the board.  Additionally, the game doesn’t always purchase property as directed. That’s particularly annoying when other players come behind and make the purchase the game just miscued. I wouldn’t buy it again.  Too boring for words.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 1, 12, 34), 'title': 'Doesn’t always make your purchase', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DepP1957'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'When me and my friend try to start a game his phone is a bit slow to load it and the game lags out and we can’t play we tried everything even connecting Them to my hotspot. Can you please fix it where it won’t start until everyone is loaded in or at least the game won’t freeze and crash. Thanks a bunch! And i love this game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 29, 15, 35, 39), 'title': 'Game loading', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cheesy_Ninja1'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Have started 20 plus online “multiplayer” games and not a single one has worked through completion. The app freezes. Buggy in 100% of games. Terribly inaccurate game description. It’s as if the developers never tried playing a single game of online multiplayer before releasing the app, or just decided to release an unfinished product. Not personally interested in single player mode so I am very disappointed in my purchase. Besides the issues described above, the game is at least cosmetically pleasing to the eye, but currently not functional.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 26, 18, 50, 23), 'title': 'SINGLE PLAYER ONLY', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '\ue043\ue33b\ue33a\ue120'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'Hey I would like to ask you to fix the game play for when you play online with your friends for instance one main problem is when the game always say no internet connection when I am connected to a good decent internet. Also when you play with your friends online you can get off the app or accept phone calls or messages without you being kicked from the online game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 23, 22, 47, 39), 'title': 'Game issues', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'darealtonio'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'First problem is a pay to play, not play to win, and to access any other maps for a paid for game need to buy a pass that costs more than the game. Secondly there is NO TIME OUT on afk’s. Somebody could walk away come back a half hour later and take their roll on the di. An option to choose a 3 or 4 person game would be a nice add on as well as a simple game chat.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 15, 52, 5), 'title': 'Great concept.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dylan pott29251967'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game glitches sometimes and just freezes. I can deal with that, BUT I haven’t been able to play classic mode for a couple days. It never goes to the lobby where I can change my piece. It just automatically takes me to an empty board and says “waiting on players” and it never does load. I’ve tried restarting the app and also deleting and downloading it again... it didn’t work.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 15, 7, 44), 'title': 'Has some flaws', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ErrkaAnn'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'kyron ツ', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 2, 3, 42, 22), 'title': 'Great Game', 'review': 'Monopoly is extremely fun, and I love to play it online. One suggestion I have though is that you should add more quick chats. I would love to be able to show my reaction to certain things. Anyways though, Monopoly is a very fun game to play with friends, random people, or by yourself. Thank you for making this game.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23731964, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-07-04T14:15:18Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'galactass', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 21, 26), 'title': 'No co op', 'review': 'A lot of features in this game make it feel more it home, like custom rules and getting to squad up with friends online… the only request I have is for co op. This may be biased as growing up we’d play 2v2s and maybe it’s not as common a thing as in my household but I’d love to see them add a 2v2 mode so you can play together with friends. If that ever comes to fruition here then I’d give 5 stars… like I said, might not be as popular with other players.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'fat boy 3000', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 29, 15, 7, 16), 'title': 'I used to only play my favorite game on family game night with my son and wife', 'review': 'Five stars is what i give to the game because it runs very smooth and I always loved monopoly and I love that they have the free parking and four hundred in custom game mode cause that makes the game more fun, the game is overall really good and I love it I now play it everyday, THANKYOUHASBRO!!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'CookiMunstr23', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 13, 11, 43, 12), 'title': 'Love the game!', 'review': 'I can’t say much besides what everyone has said already. The only thing I would recommend is adding more themes. There are quite a few already but in stores there are a plethora of themes such as Disney and Star Wars, etc. It would be neat to see those themes come to life such as we’ve seen already.😁', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23373962, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thank you for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-14T14:31:33Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Mjohn18156', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 9, 0, 23, 44), 'title': 'Much fun', 'review': 'Just like the board game, but with options to play online against random opponents, against friends or against computer.  \nI especially love that the programming doesn’t allow for long delays between players. If a player takes too long to move, the game will move for them. \nLove it!', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'VitoDaEnergy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 8, 0, 22, 52), 'title': 'Fix this and this game will be boss', 'review': 'This game is great it’s just sometimes people take way to long I wish the time limit be just a bit faster and also it will be cool to write our own stuff Dorine the online games to each other in stead of the ones you give us but besides that the game is the best...', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'UX/UI Designer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 11, 4, 40, 12), 'title': 'Great game.', 'review': 'It is just like the physical version. I was hoping to the buildings become bigger and better as we upgrade them. I wish there were things I could earn in the game to buy tokens or maps. I also wish to be able to add friends, play with friends & online people at the same time. History of winning positions. Winning % and so on.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 2, 'userName': '#1 Mel', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 18, 41, 20), 'title': 'Bland and predictable!', 'review': 'I’ve owned this game for about a month now and I’m almost done with it. After about 2 laps around you can tell who the game is going to favor and who will get the bad end of the stick. Also there is no depth. No levels. No stats. Nothing to play for. Instead of charging for everything why not have different levels for people to work towards. We’ve already paid for the experience. The game is a classic but this version is very bland and predictable.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Bex321417', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 17, 10, 48, 18), 'title': 'I want my money back.', 'review': 'You can keep your game with your messed up algorithm for dice that lets everyone else win but me. On easy mode. I have played 20 times and every time it is WAY too hard for me to catch up to the computer. I’ve sat here for the last 24 hours after I downloaded this game and have not won one game I’m not an idiot, I have played many times. I’m not saying I’m a genius but the odds are way out of skew. So, apparently the easy mode is too difficult for somebody to even one win one game in 24 hours? I want my money back.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Unlucky Roller 2', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 4, 21, 41, 58), 'title': 'Dice are suspect', 'review': 'Love everything about the game except there’s no way the dice are truly random (at least when playing AI). They appear to favor one player over others. The “lucky” player changes from game to game. But that “lucky” player’s rolls are CRAZY lucky, WAY outside the norm. And that luck lasts the whole game from beginning to end. Takes the fun away. Unless the other players collude, there’s no way to beat that “lucky”player.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Stevey72', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 26, 19, 57, 58), 'title': 'Add new Feature', 'review': 'You can make the game more enjoyable by allowing more of the existing options to be played in all options of play!\nYou should also insert the optional rule of never having 2 players on the same square! When another is layer lands on the square you are eon you go back 3 Spaces!\nBoth of these recommendations would add enjoyment and more interesting play.🤗\n\n®️', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ncarone8', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 14, 16, 35, 42), 'title': 'Not as good as the board game.... BUT 100% the next best thing!!', 'review': 'I am a HUGE fan of monopoly and this is definitely A LOT OF FUN!! I like that you can play one player, and then you can choose easy medium and hard. You can also choose to make your own rules, like if you land ON go you get $400 OR you can play classic monopoly. It’s pricey, but 100% worth it 👍👍👍😊', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Bethjustine1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 3, 4, 53, 48), 'title': 'Bug issues', 'review': 'The First or second game it froze and I went to another app and then it came back on like it didn’t freeze.. the next game I played w a friend it froze on his side and wasn’t able to get back to the game. he had to quit bcus he was unable to unfreeze it. Please review so updates can be made. Enjoy this game besides the bugs that need fixed. It would be nice to be able to play w friends on multiplayer mode.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'genui004', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 29, 4, 4, 30), 'title': 'Fun classic monopoly but...', 'review': 'Fun classic monopoly but digital and with motion graphics. However, the developers focused on a very expensive expansion pass experience. The game is already $10!! Anyway, they focused more on their buy more from us but get the same content design rather than other apps where you get more content if you win. That’s why i only play this once in a while and will never pay extra for the expansions.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Soccerkidd252', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 18, 1, 9), 'title': 'Bug Update', 'review': 'App ran completely fine until the current update. I keep receiving an error when trying to play “Online with Friends” saying one of us has an older version than the other, however I just updated and well as reinstalled the entire app on both devices. I’ll be ready to give back 5 stars as soon as this simple issue can be resolved....otherwise great app', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15851883, 'body': "Hello, if all players have version 1.2.1 installed (you can check this on the bottom-right corner of Monopoly's Settings menu), please get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com so that we may further investigate the issue and find a solution for you. Thanks.\r", 'modified': '2020-06-08T14:36:16Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Doodah', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 3, 11, 33, 5), 'title': 'Busy, jumbled, and confused', 'review': 'This is a far, far inferior successor to the original version released by EA. This version gave me a headache in less than 3 minutes. The screen is constantly jumping around in frenzied manner. You don’t know where to look, and everything happens way too fast that you can’t keep track of what AI bought what, what money was lost or gained in Chance and Community Chest. It’s all ZIP ZIP ZIP. I paid $10 for the original game when it was first released and they just disabled it and forced me to pay AGAIN for a far inferior new version.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'not worth 4$ jack.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 17, 42, 31), 'title': 'Waste of 4$', 'review': 'This game is mybee my 2nd game ever bought, and I’m completely disappointed. I’ve had 2/3 games freeze on me over an hour in. Last one that led to me typing this review happened as an opponent landed on a hotel of mine and was about to go bankrupt, leaving me a lot of property. But it froze and i never got to see it play out. And seeing other reviews I wish I would have taken the time to look at reviews because I might have saved myself 4$... don’t always trust the boy reviews. It’s not like me to even write a review so I hope I help someone out.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'BuckUgly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 1, 7, 16, 12), 'title': 'Good game. Nice game options', 'review': 'Very good application of the original game. It would be nice to be able to speed up the AI play. It would also be nice to see the amount in Free Parking. \nMore customizable game options would be nice, it’s not a show stopper. \nI know what the developers say, but I have played this enough to have seen it, it definitely slants the outcomes to the AI. \nThese are the only reasons I don’t rate it a 5.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Crrispiness', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 17, 24, 43), 'title': 'Glitchiest app', 'review': 'got disconnected while in the middle of a game at least 8 times and I’m frustrated now. That’s a long game to play and i have a couple hours of my life gone everytime that happens. You’d think monopoly had the budget to make a less glitchy app. \n\nOn top of their cheap app, they’re trying to sell you extra boards for $7. I already bought the app and you want me to buy boards? There’s only one free board. Extra pieces are $3\n\nAnd when it’s not getting disconnected it blocks you from buying houses randomly. Completely frustrating', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Fantastic More', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 20, 43, 10), 'title': 'Leagues and records', 'review': 'Overall a super fun game. But to me what would make it much more fun and competitive is to have leagues, and to be able to see your online record. Maybe even tournaments too. It would make the game 20 more times fun, but overall a good game. Just hope to see like a mode where you can move up and see your record to show how good you really are.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494495, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:34:56Z'}, 'title': 'Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 14, 24, 30), 'review': 'Amazing game only wish they would do 2 things most importantly stop the delay with the computer bots when playing I’m ready to play and it jus sits on there turn for a while. And 2nd they will kick friends out when playing together unsure why but still love this game jus which they will c this and fix it bc I love this game', 'userName': 'The zoo master'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Can’t toggle apps in friend mode', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 17, 46, 44), 'review': 'It’s really disappointing to invite a friend to play this game. We both have the app and have had several good games going when the connection is lost. That can happen randomly or if you have to switch to another app (like answering a text, for example). When you get disconnected, you’re replaced by a bot and can’t return to the game. Ridiculous!!!\n\nPlease fix this HUGE inconvenience. We don’t all have time to play an entire game of monopoly without interruption.', 'userName': 'Balstaff'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'updates needed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 12, 59), 'review': 'love the idea of having monopoly where if you can’t be right next to someone you can still play . game is good but there are some updates needed . seems like you can’t exit the app for too long and come back . would love a notifications section for the game to let you know to hop back in . also an in chat section would be good too . the best thing about monopoly was the interactions with the other players . also the game needs to be able to support 8 players like the original . i noticed when i would play with my friends right next to each other and lose internet . there should be a way to enter back in once you reestablish internet . with these fixes the game would be perfect for me .', 'userName': 'HisRoyalPhreshness'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun game when it works properly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 23, 17, 4), 'review': 'I’ve just installed this game and ran into issues with it freezing. I’ve completed 2/5 games because of this. It is definitely fun but it’s a bit annoying having to lose my progress. Also, I’m running this app on an iPhone XR (updated) and experienced issues on both mobile/ WiFi (1TB up/dwn). Honestly the 4/5 is me being generous.', 'userName': 'xxDb0xx'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Almost worth it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 5, 4, 10), 'review': 'I love board games and being able to play Monopoly whenever I want is awesome. The only things holding this game being a five star app is the frequency in which the game freezes, both online games and local play, and the inability to be able to chat when playing online. Make the game consistent and more human interaction and I will recommend and change my review of this app that is full of potential.', 'userName': 'RAJ87'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 29, 14, 45, 1), 'review': 'I enjoy the game a lot. Have not been off it for since I bought it! However, once I acquire and add houses on Park Place and Boardwalk, the other plays seem to never land on those properties Especially the wealthiest player, as they ONLY seem to land on Luxury Tax every time (this happen seven times as they passed through.)', 'userName': 'mtthxw'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 24112471, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to improve Monopoly's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-07-25T13:00:31Z'}, 'title': 'Fun but freezes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 0, 47, 5), 'review': 'I have been playing this paid for app for several months at least 3 to 4 times a week. Sadly the app freezes during a players turn, this has happened to me and out of frustration i closed the app ( not completely, just the screen, and this “fixed” the freeze. Unfortunately other players may not know this or it simply doesn’t work to “fix” the freeze every time. Incredibly frustrating.', 'userName': 'Delta226'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Rigged, save your time and money', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 15, 2, 28, 56), 'review': 'This game is terribly frustrating and very rigged like why rig a game and ruin the enjoyment, what’s the point? Online are literally the most rigged computerized games and is so frustrating. What’s even more frustrating is that a rep is always trying to tell you that you are lying and the game is not rigged as if your not seeing with your own eyes that the game is rigged. It is extremely obvious that the game is rigged. Not fun removed from my phone will not be playing any more games from Hasbro or spending anymore money on this company.', 'userName': 'Asiamuh'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23266288, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-06-08T13:51:28Z'}, 'title': 'Good but needs improvement', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 6, 15, 31, 6), 'review': 'All in all, the game is good. One major complaint is you can’t save progress on an online with friends game. This really needs to be added as soon as possible as I love playing with family but rarely have time to dedicate to a full game at one time. We all paid for the app and haven’t been able to finish a game yet.', 'userName': 'JohnsonPstFls'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great Game but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 10, 5, 33, 10), 'review': 'It’s a great game but i constantly can’t trade with people since the update i can see them wanting to trade but it’s like the game automatically rejects the trade it’s done it in every game like i would reach out automatically rejected people reach out to me i cant even consider it because the game automatically rejects the deal.', 'userName': 'Captain-Maui'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Balance with bots via dice and not AI', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 2, 15, 36, 50), 'review': 'The dice rolls are not random. Period.\nThe bots are predictable to the dollar.  And they trade with each other like drunk monkeys.\nGame dynamic and difficulty is achieved through dice roll manipulation and not giving the bots actual intelligence or pseudo emotion.\nThis wouldn’t be terrible if it weren’t for the developer claiming the bots have AI. They don’t. It’s a trivial algorithm at best.\nI can beat the game in any configuration after playing it many times.\nI feel the game would be 10x more enjoyable if the dice rolls were legit and the dynamic changed to smarter bots. This was either laziness or a budget constraint or the developer shafted their customer.\n\nEven so, it is still fun. Mapping how bots behave and using that to win isn’t Monopoly, but it still is entertaining to me.', 'userName': 'teshreve'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Monopoly can improve', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 14, 19, 3), 'review': 'First of all the game is great. Amazing presentation. All the proper aspects of monopoly are shown. Although I would like to see one thing. Let’s say you’re playing with house rules and you have free parking bonus on. I would like to see how much money that has piled up on free parking. Other than that the games amazing', 'userName': 'AustinxFurches'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love it- wish it had more interactive comments', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 20, 7, 39), 'review': 'Great fun, faster paced than in real life. Just wish it had more interactive comments like for when people don’t play during their turn we can nudge them and their iPad / tablet would vibrate to wake them up. Also wish there was emojis like crying face/ angry face etc. \n\nPS. It kinda lags but what other great online game doesn’t 🤷\u200d♀️', 'userName': 'malthanii'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Easy, fun, almost great', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 22, 14, 24, 36), 'review': 'Good interface.  Only played twice with wife.  1st game she got sent to jail 7 times.  In 2nd game on 3rd time going to jail (and only passing go twice) she quit.  It was even more frustrating because she had a get out of jail card that we couldn’t find how to use (still can’t find in any docs).  But I amassed a fortune and quite enjoyed her pain.  Very entertaining (for me)!!', 'userName': 'LraeSinned'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Honest Review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 11, 21, 33), 'review': 'Overall great game could use some improving. It seems to crash during games online at times not always. Can’t tell if you’re playing with real people or AI online since it don’t let you know when someone’s leaves the match. The single player is pretty predictable even when AI is on hard difficulty, offer enough money you could always persuade the AI to let you purchase cards you need.', 'userName': 'Rollonefourme'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game cheats - rigged rolls', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 4, 50, 15), 'review': 'Like so many other games, this one has AI’s that cheat the only “random” part of the game. Just up it to medium and you’ll notice they conveniently land right between your properties with hotels about 90%+ part of the time, or they will go to jail when it’s most suitable for them. I had a monopoly of the entire board besides 3 states and lost because the medium CPU skipped every time and stayed in jail, then right after getting out of jail went directly back in. Meanwhile I land on their properties every time I roll. Don’t waste your money. Completely rigged.', 'userName': 'DoNotGetThisGameApp'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Multiplayer Online Does Not Work', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 11, 9, 33), 'review': 'Purchased this to play with my sister over the phone for her birthday during the COVID 19 shutdown. Multiplayer online doesn’t work at all, rendering it useless for us. If you take monopoly off your screen (opening another app in the background, accidentally lock the phone, put the screen to sleep between rounds, etc) it will immediately kick you out of the joint game without any ability to rejoin. Totally useless. Not sure about single player or the offline multiplayer - I only wanted it for online multi.', 'userName': 'Listener859332'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Online Gameplay Buggy and No Record Keeping', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 10, 35, 27), 'review': 'Love this game until you try to make play online..65% of the time I can’t complete an online game (on wifi or data) before the app freezes or all tokens just magically disappear bringing the game to a complete halt. \n\nMonopoly also use to have a way to keep track of win/loss counts, records of highest win, etc. Not this one. \n\nHopefully they fix these soon and then I will gladly give 5 stars!', 'userName': 'hogwarts.alum992'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Reconnection Problems', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 21, 12, 45), 'review': 'This is ridiculous!!! Love this game, but no matter how many updates they make they can’t seem to fix the actual problem—the reconnection problems or  the freezing problem. I can never finish games because it freezes and then says, “Reconnecting.” I just want to play a game. It irks me because the game will be soooo good, then boom! You’re frozen and forced to get out of the game. So beyond ridiculous. I wish they’d actually make an update that fixes the problem.', 'userName': 'Ohana2457'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bugs make it unenjoyable.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 2, 20, 19), 'review': 'This game looks like it has the potential to be very fun. Sadly, this game is full of bugs that make it a pain to play. In single player, I am not able to add a third AI player and even once the game loads, it freezes when zoomed in on the game pieces and I cannot play the game. When in an online game, the game freezes and I am not able to play for 15 minutes before I get bored and quit. Again, I want this game to be good, but too many bugs are getting in the way.', 'userName': 'Poliver1'}, {'title': 'Bringing back the memories', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This plays great and reminds me of all the fun growing up playing it. However, there is a glitch that doesn’t register when someone owns 3 Railroads it only makes them pay like they have 2. I do wish I could skip some of the in game cutscenes. Other than though, this game is flawless.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 0, 42, 55), 'userName': '@Codylox'}, {'title': 'Irritated', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I swear the app takes everything in its power to make you lose. When I play alone with (4 players) computer on EASY all they do is land on chance and community chest and their own property! I DO NOT believe that the dice is randomized. I give this three stars because I really love monopoly and can’t always play the board game, so it’s good to just play online. But the fact that the it feels you are bound to lose beyond luck is quiet annoying.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 28, 19, 22, 47), 'userName': 'kalaleelee'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12490726, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T14:27:41Z'}, 'title': 'Kicks you out the game if you do anything else on your phone', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game but it stuck when you are try to play with others because it kicks you out if you go off the screen or take to long to play. You can’t re-enter the game after you get kicked out making you have to start over which is no fun. I wish there was a way to resume a game without being forced to play the computer. The ps3 version was much better before it was discontinued.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 14, 47, 15), 'userName': 'JStrong80'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12293237, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. \n\nWe are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! \n\nRegarding a chat feature, it is in our list of features to consider implementing in the future.\n\nOnce again, our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T12:47:08Z'}, 'title': 'Game issues while playing online.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I am a monopoly fan so I have lots of hope for this game but unfortunately is still not there yet. Half way through the game the game just become unresponsive and everyone just stays there waiting pressing all the buttons hoping the game is not ruined. Already happened to me ok 3 out of 5 games.\n\nAdditionally the game lacks some basic features like chat or any interaction with online players.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 5, 6, 20), 'userName': 'etagtechnologies.com'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22302730, 'body': 'Hello Joe! Thank you for the review! Please know that we are currently working on a feature that will allow players to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. Thank you for the patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused. Also, feel free to reach out at help@marmalademail.com for direct support. ', 'modified': '2021-04-18T08:41:36Z'}, 'title': 'finishing a game', 'isEdited': True, 'review': 'I’d like to be able to continue games with friends at another time, rather than having them deleted if you don’t finish playing in one sitting. Has this change already been made, or are you guys working on this for a future release?', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 22, 17, 37, 13), 'userName': 'JoeTK'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22703598, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-05-09T13:45:29Z'}, 'title': 'Great game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Great game I like everything about it one thing I would change is you get maps for free like if you win 5 games you unlock a new map or you play a game and you win the game then you should get a kinda money for the game to unlock a map or characters but everything else is great.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 5, 18, 59, 8), 'userName': 'Roccojordan23'}, {'title': 'Love this game!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is so addicting, I love how they’ve made this game so interactive, and it doesn’t go on for days!  I wish we could have “friends” or something so we could play with other players again, and more chat options! But my family and friends play this all the time with me!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 7, 23, 55, 54), 'userName': 'Spott13'}, {'title': 'Fantastic game but needs stats', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'For monopoly lovers this game is fantastic. Something huge that is missing is the games ability to keep stats. I would be awesome to see how many times you have won and lost. Gives us an incentive to keep playing. Let’s us know if you are improving or getting worse. Other then that me and my friends love it.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 14, 8, 52, 9), 'userName': 'Chudi_Ikobi'}, {'title': 'App suggestion', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I would like to see game stats, time of gameplay, how many times did players pass go, largest rent collected, most properties owned, most trades completed, most landed on property/space, money spent, money earned, spaces landed on count for players, jail time, how many turn was player in jail, how many time was player sent to jail. \n\nOverall nostalgic and I like playing with house rules.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 2, 8, 6, 56), 'userName': 'Anonymous crowd'}, {'title': 'I just won!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I had lots of money by the middle, I was about to get bankrupt at the 3rd quarter but my other player landed on my property and had to pay $200. I had $303 and the other 2 players WERE bankrupt and the other player landed on my 2 houses and THAT’S how I got 1st place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is extremely extra fun...    ...When I can change my name.\nThat’s why I rated this game 4 out of 5.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 26, 20, 44, 6), 'userName': 'davidkunio'}, {'title': 'Great, but some bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love love love this game however I am tired of losing more money than supposed to in the game. For example the railroads have specific wages if 1 is owned $25, if 2 $50, 3 $100, and 4 $200 which is shown on the cards and rules, however when i play and all 4 railroads are owned i either recieve or loose $400 which makes no sense given thats not the ammount thats in the rules.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 24, 4, 1, 38), 'userName': 'Bagel15'}, {'title': 'Great Game but...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I’m really enjoying the game but there are a few things that I have to say is very annoying especially when you’re in the middle of a game and then someone “supposedly leaves the game” it actually gets everyone stuck because of that player who left or quit the game. Fix that problem and I’m sure everyone will enjoy the game more.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 22, 5, 42, 30), 'userName': 'Jayven Itachi'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18053289, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our Monopoly app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\n\nI am happy to tell you that the team is already working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date.\r\n\nIf you have more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\n", 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:55:36Z'}, 'title': 'Not as irritated now!', 'isEdited': True, 'review': 'Im revising my previous review. Finally with the updates to the app and my iphone update... the app doesn’t crash every single time I play the game. Love the game and format. I’m super addicted, even to playing the computer. Sometimes it feels the rolls aren’t random but overall good stuff. Thank you for the developers response to my previous review also.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 27, 5, 30, 46), 'userName': 'Mijamamacita'}, {'title': 'Need Speed Mode', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After playing a few times, the animations and other aspects that slow the game down become tiresome. There is no reason to view a card for 5 seconds every time you do something. You should be able to tap it to make it go away and stop the delay.\nNeeds a speed mode to make the game go faster.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 5, 9, 10), 'userName': 'Onthelistbaby'}, {'title': 'Feels just like the actual board game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is very fun and gives you that same thrill from the actual board game. I really hope they add more themes such as marvel, dragon ball z, MHA that would be awesome. I also hope they add some kind of a stats feature as well. Overall a very enjoyable game but does have some connection issues at times but not often in my experience.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 8, 52, 31), 'userName': 'INFINITE100%'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17640631, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. However, it is possible that you were experiencing a glitch, so I have asked our QA team to investigate to make sure that each dice throw's probability remains correct.\r\nIf you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-02T05:37:24Z'}, 'title': 'The developers need to read this!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is fun, the animation is great. Let me ask some several questions:\n\n1. How is it three times in a row today, and five times in a row last night, I rolled to land on income tax (from various spots on the board)?\n\n2. How is it that the A.I. Bots are able to skip over all of my properties so often and land on their own? \n\n3. How do I roll doubles and triples so often but when I’m in jail, I can not roll one most of the time?\n\nThis game doesn’t have consistency where it counts but is too consistent in other ways (as mentioned above). Rolling should be more randomized, the bots are almost too intuitive in terms of auctioning and negotiations with a real player. \n\nPlease fix these issues and make this game more enjoyable.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 30, 23, 38, 23), 'userName': 'mjbackus'}, {'title': 'Frustrating game.. dice rolls are not random', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game works fine but it seems like the computer picks a different player every game that is predetermined to win. That player/computer gets all the properties and it’s frustrating because you will constantly roll the same numbers to land on that players property. The rolling of the dice isn’t random at all. Wouldn’t recommend spending any money on this game. Maybe if it was FREE it wouldn’t be as frustrating that it’s rigged from the start', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 22, 15, 7, 7), 'userName': 'Matty.1.2.3'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15214630, 'body': 'Thank you for your feedback! Our team is actively working on an update that will minimize these connection drops. Furthermore, I am happy to tell you that our next update, which will be available very soon, includes an in-game chat for our players to communicate during the game! We hope this further improves your experience with Monopoly. ', 'modified': '2020-05-10T00:31:08Z'}, 'title': 'Freezes often, and no chat', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game we play near daily, but it freezes way to often, and it NEEDS a chat option! We have to text via another device while playing the game,which shouldn’t be necessary. Monopoly requires communication...it needs to be provided within the game. Also, the game freezes far to often, requiring you to restart a game in the middle. Great game, but buggy.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 7, 57, 45), 'userName': 'Garage Rock'}, {'title': 'Good game but with flaws', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is very nicely built and smooth to play. But if during the game a player makes a trade and the other player exits the game, the whole game is stuck. Eventually you have to quit the game. It sometimes is very annoying to get stuck for a while and then quit. If we had to quit the game in middle then there is no fun.\nPlayed quite for some time and faced this problem almost 50% of the game', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 4, 49, 29), 'userName': 'k2112p'}, {'title': 'This game is fun.. when you’re not waiting an hour for the other player to go', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game really needs an addition of a “time out” button. Sometimes players take way too long to make a move or they simply leave the game causing me to just wait Until they decide to do something. There should be a timer when the game takes action for the player if they don’t make a move .', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 20, 45, 36), 'userName': 'Mokleysaurus'}, {'review': 'Great game but everything extra costs money. Yes, I get you want to make money, but come on! We love this game, it’s a classic; at least give us some more free tokens to use. It’s not like you need this extra money. We’re playing because we love and want to support you, give us a little quid pro quo.', 'userName': 'good service and good music', 'title': 'I gave a five-star rating, but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 16, 25, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I’ve played a lot of different monopoly games on many devices. Finally they made the perfect Monopoly game for monopoly lovers. This one is quick and to the point, I was never a big fan of waiting extra seconds for animations and money movement - all of it adds up. Especially in a monopoly game. Must get for Monopoly fanatics. 5/5', 'userName': 'BuildalotFAN', 'title': 'Best Monopoly game out there', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 5, 12, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Overall very good.  Few issues I have so far.  In online mode, I get disconnected sometimes and have no way to rejoin the games that I’ve just spent an hour playing with not being able to finish.  Would also be nice to create some custom rules for online play as well.  Lastly, the system should track our results.', 'userName': 'jsudheb', 'title': 'Needs Adjustments', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 14, 36, 33), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Always freezes up. Should of been a free game. As if this game isn’t long enough, I constantly\nbe in the middle of the game and every time it always freezes. Too many glitches. This is the worst creation of the game. Can’t enjoy it because it always kicks me out or freezes. Also, you can tell when the computer is playing because it constantly makes the same offer over and over and over again. That becomes very annoying and makes me just want to leave the game. Horrible!!!', 'userName': 'Kamaria88', 'title': 'Horrible!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 12, 58, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I purchased this game as I love monopoly. It is full of bugs most of witch c side the game to freeze partially or completely requiring you to close it and reopen it every time to play it. I have played 7 games now each time it froze after a period of time and caused me to have to close the application.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12213195, 'body': 'Hi. We are very sorry to hear that. Our team is already aware of some issues with the game and has been working on an update that should fix them. Please bear with us a little longer as we intend to release it very soon. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. Kind regards.', 'modified': '2019-12-04T16:55:43Z'}, 'userName': 'LS4Warrior', 'title': 'Unplayable in current state', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 8, 55, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Thought this would be real game play but obviously the dice throws are not random generated numbers. I learned this while playing the game with three others and on the 3rd round of turns all four players managed to land in jail. Three players rolled and landed on the Go to jail spot and the fourth landed on community chest and the card was the Go to jail card. What are the odds of that ever happening in the real board game??? Wouldn’t be so unhappy if the game was free, but they have the nerve to charge $3.99 for this crap. Feel like I was ripped off and will never purchase another app from ‘marmalade’', 'userName': 'formerPBemployee', 'title': 'Not realistic', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 10, 54, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Love this app but it’s super annoying how easy it is to get kicked out of a game when playing online with a friend. If you need to answer a call, accidentally lock your phone or anything else then you have to completely restart the game.\n\nUpdated: it’s almost unbearable to play this game once you become aware of how horrible the algorithm is. The bots conveniently miss your properties again and again and again. The more house you have, the higher chance you have of getting skipped. Annoying', 'userName': 'hale.storm42', 'title': 'Good but issues with multiplayer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 6, 45, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I love Monopoly and will continue playing it but right now, most of my games freeze midway through. \nIt gets frustrating when I’ve payed for this game and it continues to freeze.\nAll of my 4 player multiplayer games have frozen and two games froze while my wife and I were playing AI’s.\nThe only time it didn’t freeze for me while playing online was a 3 player game.\nIf you fix that issue this game is great!', 'userName': 'JDal10', 'title': 'An issue I See', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 21, 17, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I was playing a multiplayer game and the opponents kept doing trades and all three of the players kept trading very similar and when I tried to counter offer it would treat me as an opponent. Then at some point the opponents were accepting a trade that resulted in me trading away my properties without my consent. Then some of the players used their massive sum of money to start building hotels really fast.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493706, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware of a glitch with trading, and we believe it should be fixed in the most recent update (1.0.7). Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:38:13Z'}, 'userName': 'thelasthylian', 'title': 'Weird Trading stuff', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 23, 37, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Some info to prospective buyers:\n- There’s a limited time to make your move, so you’ve got to play the game nonstop when you start a match\n- ^ and you play one game at a time\n- Yes, you have to pay extra for the local edition boards\n\nFeedback:\n- Good game, cool graphics and works very smoothly, even on my iPhone 6\n- Would also be cool if there was a mode for playing online games with a much longer time limit for moves, so you can put the phone away for a bit and then come back to it. Maybe even play multiple games at a time this way. \n- Would also be hella cool if the app could save some of our cumulative game stats for us to look at whenever', 'userName': '🦘Tom🦘', 'title': 'Good! Some info & feedback', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 23, 13, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I love the classic monopoly game and this is a good start. However, it needs a modern touch such as a multiplayer ladder for competitive players, quick play mode that doesn’t waste time showing graphics of our figures moving across the board for faster gameplay and perhaps a time limit on turns, and better stability of network stability and perhaps a reconnecting option if signals get lost.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12342644, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are all very good suggestions, and we're happy to tell you that some of them are already in the works! We hope to surprise you with our coming updates. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.", 'modified': '2019-12-11T15:57:08Z'}, 'userName': 'DJ101383', 'title': 'Classic game but needs an update', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 3, 42, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Love the look and feel. The quality of the graphics is great. There are many themes and pieces available so the game never gets boring. It easily beats the other versions I have played in the past!\n\nI have Clue, life and Battleship and all their games are great.\nCan’t wait to see if it comes to the Nintendo Switch.', 'userName': 'oneadventureatatime', 'title': 'Great Game Play!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 14, 20, 56, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I would give this game five stars but it seriously once in a while will show one number on the dice but the computer “person” will move a different amount within a space and it goes with that. It has happened to me several times. I’m sad because monopoly is truly my favorite game. Anyone else have this happen?', 'userName': 'Sandie3773', 'title': 'Love', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 2, 13, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'It’s Monopoly, but it’s not perfect.\n\nPros:\n1. Nice graphics.\n2. Quick animations.\n3. Intelligent AI opponents (at least compared to the Switch version of monopoly).\n4. There are some custom rules allowed.\n\nCons:\n1. Limited to 4 players. My family has a strong preference for a 6 player game.\n2. There is no version of the speed die game.\n3. Custom rules are limited. Some common custom rules I’d like to see are: Uneven Build, Increased Starting Money, Unlimited Houses and Hotels, Minimum Free Parking Cash, Go to the Airport, etc. \n4. I don’t believe that the Chance and Community Chest cards are actually programmed to be decks of cards as I’ve seen people get the same card back to back numerous times.\n5. I can’t seem to find a way to declare bankruptcy early.', 'userName': 'jungledrew64', 'title': 'Good for a mobile monopoly fix.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 14, 0, 20, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I played the original Monopoly app produced by EA for years and loved it but since it no longer is supported by iOS so I thought I’d give this new version a try and although the art and animation is a nice upgrade I am disappointed with the lack of customizable options. Also the micro transactions are a waste of time I paid for the game what more do you want. Just add more custom options please.', 'userName': 'n.forgione', 'title': 'Lacks Customization', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 4, 20, 32, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I’m glad to see regular old Monopoly back in the App Store. I’m here for the nostalgia, and funky new variants on the game don’t do it for me. This has all the classic properties and rules. I also appreciate that I can just buy the game up front and not have to deal with any “Freemium” ads. Thank you, Hasbro and Marmalade.', 'userName': 'wilcoxst', 'title': 'Classic Monopoly is finally back', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 17, 19, 53, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I cranked up the difficulty setting expecting the AI to play smarter. All it does is adjust the way it negotiates with you. But I’m certain the game cheats in the AI’s favor. I suspected it but now I’m playing this super long game which is taking hours to finish and it’s just clear. The game keeps letting the ai land in jail, 5 rounds in a row they land on jail and remain there for free while I remain on the board landing on their hotels.  I wanted a challenge, not to be cheated. I found a workaround when it happens, shut the app right away and restart, it forces them to roll again.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19735638, 'body': "\rHi there, thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you feel this way.\nThe difficulty settings for the A.I. simply change the game tactics that the A.I. use during the match, and don't affect the dice rolls in any way. I can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible.\r\n\r\nHowever, it is possible that you were experiencing a glitch, so I have asked our QA team to investigate to make sure that each dice throw's probability remains correct.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-14T05:30:01Z'}, 'userName': 'Mike Madds', 'title': 'It cheats', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 10, 14, 1, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'The game is fun, accurate, and quick...\n\nHOWEVER there is a bad trend of sore losers who just stop playing OR people who drop connection or just abandon the game. The others still playing cannot continue because the game gets stuck on the person who just stopped which is extremely annoying.\n\nA timeout feature (where if there is no activity after a certain time that it skips the player or replaces them with a bot) for that and when someone just continues to keep attempting trade after trade after trade unsuccessfully just to troll would be nice.\n\nOutside of that, the game is a near perfect mobile adaptation of the board game.', 'userName': 'y2kc2010', 'title': 'Good game but needs timeout features', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 1, 2, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'So we purchased this game for my kids and I to play.  We have attempted to play twice and each time we take a break (meaning we all 3 look at something else on our phone), it deletes the game.  It’s pretty infuriating when you invest an hour into a game, take a few minutes break and come back to find it gone.  If this was fixed it would be a great app.', 'userName': 'Lulu840', 'title': 'Game is great, but won’t let you take a break', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 5, 23, 23, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I really enjoy this game but for\nThis to be a paid game, there are far too many bugs!! I never pay for games so I was highly disappointed to see that many times, I’ll be playing with friends or just online and the game will just freeze - no one can roll or move, just freezes. That’s ridiculous. If it’s going to have as many bugs as a free game, it’s should just be free but why would anyone pay for a game they can only play sometimes?', 'userName': 'AmbitiousGirl2', 'title': 'Game AWAYS freezes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 17, 24, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'Great game, just here to report a bug', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I was playing online with my friends, and when I hit the end turn button it disappeared as if I clicked it, but it never progressed to the next players turn.  We were forced to quit the game because it was stuck at nobodies turn.', 'userName': 'Johnny Runge', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 12, 6, 29, 20), 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'So happy to have found this!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Really great. Couple of things could be better. Hard to see which pieces are on which property. Board could be bigger with less “stuff” around the sides. Should have confirmation of trades and mortgages since sometimes confusing and mistakes get made. Overall terrific. Got to play with my family in a different state!', 'userName': 'Stuckkkk!! !! !', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 0, 13, 27), 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Listen to suggestions', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve played a few rounds, game is smooth and quick single player, but I don’t like that there is no stat tracker, for wins and achievements, get on this. Percentage of games won, favorite properties, most effective rent properties etc...this game has potential to be the best digital competitive board game there is, but this requires engagement and competition, maybe even a tiered league system, don’t stop now! Make Monopoly great again!!!', 'userName': 'Mitty2415', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 28, 4, 15, 55), 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14852850, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your feedback. Just to clarify, the base purchase unlocks the full game, in terms of gameplay functionality. The additional themes that are available for in-app purchase are purely cosmetic, for players who want to change the appearance of the board and characters. The themes have no impact on gameplay.\r\n', 'modified': '2020-04-23T04:57:05Z'}, 'title': 'Monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The Game itself is great !What I don’t like is having is after having paid for the app is having to pay all that extra stuff for like season pass or the different cities all those it it’s too expensive all that extra stuff should should be for free it shouldn’t be extra since we already paid for the app itself that it’s self that part is a rip off the game itself is terrific', 'userName': 'Bbkbandit', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 1, 40, 15), 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Great except frustrating multiplayer glitch 😖', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I do not recommend buying this if you’re counting on multiplayer!\n\nMost of the game is great, but multiplayer has a pretty significant glitch. If a player leaves the app I believe the developers intend for an AI to take over until the human player returns. However, this is far from smooth and, in my opinion, should be rethought. \n\nMy game with three of my family members was going along fine until one of them got a low battery warning and booted him off. The game froze for the rest of us and we lost all progress. Very frustrating!\n\nSeriously needs a way to save multiplayer games. There should also be a way to play based on a notification when it’s your turn.', 'userName': 'mrd3nnis', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 22, 19, 44), 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'FIX THE BUGS OR REFUND US!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game disconnects ALL THE TIME. I’VE TRIED PLAYING 20 times and was successful 2. I play online with friends (20 ppl from group chat) which I convinced spending  3.99 during quarantine was a good idea. Let me tell you! I get harassed EVERYDAY about being a scammer for recommending this app. I’ve even had to refund ppl out of my pocket to stop the bullying that has happened due to the result of the game not working! It’s so stressful being called a 3.99 scammer hoe and I didn’t even invent the game. Please refund us or resolve the issue! I want my friends to like me again ! 😢😢', 'userName': 'gene248', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 2, 56, 6), 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'Locks up too many times - wasting hours of play', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Game is great when it works.  Good custom settings.  However, a huuuuuuge bug is if a player gets disconnected on their turn, 50% of the time it locks up and the game is dead.  Happened to me in 5 out of 10 games.  We will have played for over an hour to not be able to finish the game.   That’s a real bummer..  the AI should take over, but it locks up.  Also, a chat area would be ideal when playing with friends....', 'userName': 'Hxciter', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 1, 45), 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'Don’t buy this game!!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I would high not recommend this game. It doesn’t allow you to control the amount you are bidding during auctions, it also doesn’t allow you to choose which properties you mortgage when you need to. The auctions are timed which is annoying  in case you want to look at things to see if you want the property or not.  Add this to the fact that you then have to spend more money for additional tokens it just makes me feel like this is a money grab more than anything else.', 'userName': 'conyan70', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 16, 23, 56), 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'Love it! But...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the app, works really well when playing with other people online. However, when I try to play with my friends... it crashes! If I get a text, any message, the app will disconnect me. It is terrible because this game is about investing time, it’s not a quick one... you’re all into it and then it crashes. Very disappointing. Please fix it!', 'userName': 'Pikiyo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 22, 4, 6, 21), 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'So much fun!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game! The only thing that I wish was different is when you play online, sometimes players will either get mad and refuse to go or finish their turn or you’re just sitting there waiting for someone to go. I wish it automatically went to the next person instead of having to wait. \nOtherwise, it’s addicting!!', 'userName': 'oliviamichele', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 23, 53, 41), 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12490139, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T13:55:28Z'}, 'title': 'Too many bugs...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really thought given the fact that you have to buy this game, I thought I would be able to get through at least one game with no issues but here I am, leaving a review of how bad a simple game is. \nI have not gotten through a single game without this app messing up / crashing / spazzing out. I would real like a refund but I doubt this company cares enough to read these. Take the money and run right?¿?\n\nEdit: It is now 12/18 and still haven’t gotten through a multiplayer game. Please refund my money. This game DOES NOT WORK. SCAM!', 'userName': 'SPCKATZ', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 4, 37, 35), 'rating': 1}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12297900, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon!\nThank you for your patience and, once again, our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T16:23:52Z'}, 'title': 'Love the game!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I think this version beats EA for sure. But there are no achievements, goals or motivation, other than you don’t have to break the board game out and be the banker. The freezing up issue has to be fixed or this app is done for. I am sitting next to my wife, just her and I and two AI, nothing, freezes before the first roll of the dice. If you fix it, it’s worth $4.', 'userName': 'Fishraiser', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 8, 18, 41, 3), 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'The worst', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Just roll the dice randomly, that’s all I ask. The AI does stupid things, that’s easy to correct for. But the rolls don’t approach being random. The builders seem to feel a need to inject extra hurtles for the human player. Houses on all the orange? The AI players miss on pass after pass. AI builds on a single green? I hit it on the first opportunity. And this is not an isolated occurrence—it happens time and again. This game is cynical and vindictive and so frustrating I want to throw my tablet across the room. I’d rate it zero if I could. Do not waste your time on this garbage.', 'userName': 'OrchidBug', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 10, 24, 15), 'rating': 1}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22616360, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback. It is greatly appreciated! Also, please know that I have shared your thoughts with our team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thank you kindly for playing and apologies for any inconvenience caused!", 'modified': '2021-05-04T14:35:26Z'}, 'title': 'Few issues', 'isEdited': True, 'review': '2 stars removed just bc it could use some basics,\n1) let people talk to each other with chat options. Let us write our own thoughts, you could have an option to disable player chat but to talk with the people we are playing with with our own words is a big improvement. Its part of classic monopoly.\n\n2) need a ranked option or something to stop all the leavers.\n\nThese complaints about randomized dice being rigged are wrong. I have played a hundred or so games, its random. People complaining are use to winning vs their younger siblings im guessing and not use to getting their way. Same for the freezing, happened maybe 3-4 out of 100 games, hardly a reason not to buy it.', 'userName': 'Charlieraids', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 16, 17, 41, 24), 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Fun game with a few bugs!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Awesome game love playing it however, sometimes mid game it doesn’t allow you to end your turn and it freezes leaving everyone waiting for you to end your turn and in order to play again you have to quit. Other wise the game is a lot of fun! Just would love that bug to be fixed.', 'userName': 'AAmano', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 11, 21, 3, 53), 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17106171, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. The team is already aware of this bug and working towards fixing it along all of the other issues that have been reported by our players. We will release an update as soon as possible. In the meantime, if you have more questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-08-05T20:57:51Z'}, 'title': 'Glitch since update.....', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game but since the last update the game freezes when a player needs to mortgage to pay but they only have hotels to mortgage. The system makes them sell off their hotels and houses then freezes play. The trains and cars are still moving but the play just stops. Please fix.', 'userName': 'Jac0by', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 5, 15, 5, 58), 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Zero stars - don’t waste your money.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I want my money back!  This game is terrible.  Extremely predictable dice against the you and the AI trades with each other to complete property sets.  At the start of one game, I landed in jail twice without making around the board once. The AI never lands on your property and without fail you will land on theirs.  Every Chance and Community Chest card will be a tax against you but somehow the AI gets paid on each. \n\nUntil the developer fixes this imbalance, do not buy.  I challenge the developer to prove otherwise.', 'userName': 'texinatx', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 15, 0, 23), 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'Great graphics!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like this version of Monopoly a lot however, it seems that your opponent earns more money when they land on “Chance”. It feels like money is taken from me but the opponent almost always earns big money.\n\nSame complaint after a month of playing...when my opponent lands on Chance or community, they get 1 or 200$. When I land on it, I go to jail!  Not fair! No way to win when they have all the money!', 'userName': "this ol' lady!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 10, 0, 23, 4), 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Great but crashes often', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'You developers say that you have worked on the unresponsiveness of the game, but it still happens so often. You guys need to fix this immediately because i’m sick and tired of spending 45 min-2 hours of my time just for it to get stuck and no one is able to go on with their turn. Additionally, the chat needs an update because the responses are boring.', 'userName': 'Zeltrob', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 18, 17, 41, 53), 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Awesome game but...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ok so first let me say this game is awesome. But  me and my wife always have disconnecting issues when we go to look at a text message. Witch is a big problem when you can’t chat in game. It will completely skip you’re turn! Mabie add a way to chat or fix the multiplayer online so i can check my messages. If fixed i will rate 5 stars!!!!', 'userName': 'Danel M', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 8, 35, 7), 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 6, 57, 41), 'review': 'Honestly the game is great runs smooth and all. But just wanted to ask why can’t there be more than four players! I have a big family and we all want to play, it’s just a hassle having to see who plays and who doesn’t make it so more people can join the game!!!! Please !!!!!!', 'userName': 'Bugs 4302', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fun! Good time passer', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 23, 59, 25), 'review': 'The game is beautiful. The graphics are lovely. My problem is the whole game comes to an end if someone is disconnected for whatever reason. Please make it a feature that if our online multi player is lost the game can go on. Why play a game if you’re never going to complete it. I become very frustrated that my gaming experience is ruined by something so trivial. Other than that it’s great!', 'userName': 'AverageJane2020', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Let the game go on...', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 16, 34, 41), 'review': 'So far I’ve enjoyed being able to play quick games and full classic mode. Yet being able to communicate with family and friends while playing would give the game a huge boost! At the very least adding emojis would be awesome. Thanks', 'userName': 'dspdo', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fun and entertaining + critical update needed', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 26, 4, 4, 3), 'review': 'I’ve played 7 games with different groups and EVERY SINGLE one has glitched out and kicked a player out. It will say it will reconnect during next turn but if it happens when it’s your turn, it won’t reconnect and just freezes you out. If you’re paying $4 for a game app, you expect to at least be able to finish one game. This is unacceptable, fix it! I want a refund.', 'userName': 'aeps88', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but too many glitches', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 4, 33, 23), 'review': 'After reading many reviews, everyone has the same concerns. There is no way you have people paying for an app that has sooooo many issues. The dice rolls are clearly rigged in the favor of the computer to make the game last longer. I get that part but you prolong the game just for it to crash an hour in?!?! Monopoly is a top rated classic game and you have these types of issues? This needs to be fixed or make the game free.', 'userName': 'Thisismynamenotyours', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'App freezes and will not reconnect!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 8, 10, 22), 'review': 'Love the game!\n\nThe only issue I’ve had is with it freezing when a player switches app or even adjusts screen brightness where it doesn’t sync back into what’s happening. You literally have to avoid any notification at all just in case it won’t get back in and in a game that can take hours to finish that’s not ideal.', 'userName': 'djaowifjfirkwk', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game but some bugs', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 23, 41, 22), 'review': "This app makes my phone burn.  I have 94 GB in my storage that i didn't use. While play this app,  my phone create extreme heat and the phone starts to slow down and sometimes even not responding. The opening of every game takes too long, my picture automatically change, I constantly forgot which is me. Roll the dice should be automatically.  There is a bug a time count down. Not many cards for chance or community chest. I am very regret to purchase it. I should use the money to spend on ice cream.", 'userName': 'Veronica hair', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not worth purchase', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 6, 56, 43), 'review': 'The game has almost pre selected who is the winner the only thing that adds a twist is the human emotion but the game has already been set and the more you play it the more you loose. For example, I was the only player that had a monopoly and every player went around the board twice without landing on my property and paying rent and I ended up loosing when clearly statics show that I should’ve won smh. Honestly I would recommend you play the real life version because this a waste of time and money period!!!', 'userName': 'TrillA.P.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Cheaters!!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14484204, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review and for bringing these issues to our attention. I have already shared them with our QA team who will look into them as soon as possible. We are reading every single user review and putting together a list of issues and feedback - the issues are being fixed and the feedback is being actively discussed. Our next update will include a lot of these fixes as well as performance and stability tweaks. Thanks again for taking the time to share your feedback and our apologies for the inconvenience caused', 'modified': '2020-04-06T10:01:05Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 4, 51, 16), 'review': 'Fun app abut needs work for the online with friends option. If you accidentally get disconnected there is no way to get back in the game. So twice already I spent an hour playing a game and had a call come through, or a glitch in the game and when I tried to get back in I couldn’t. The computer took over my game and I couldn’t get back in. PLEASE FIX THIS! Your app could be amazing if you fixed that!', 'userName': 'Dandoosha ', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'I would pay $20 for this app if this 1 thing was fixed', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 1, 36, 54), 'review': 'My husband and I are really enjoying this game.  We both have iPads and are really interested in the big in-app purchase that will cover all the different game formats.  If we purchase it, will both of our iPads be able to use the updates?', 'userName': 'Olddog29', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Question about in-app purchase', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 8, 14, 7), 'review': 'I played many games and I am really enjoy to play it; however, the app have too much thing need to fix such as time control for online multiplayer mode since many player do not press ‘end turn’. The game freezes many times when playing since player switch app, please fix that. At last, please add chat room, so players can chat while playing.', 'userName': 'Chinese4ever', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'good game but too much need fix', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 17, 8, 22), 'review': 'I like the ability to see history with pull down tab the previous one had, and defeated animations as well. I also miss the ability to look at all my property and stacks of money.  All that junk in the middle adds nothing to the amusement. I like Monopoly and the only reason it gets five stars.', 'userName': '2Screwed', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 4, 45, 7), 'review': 'Loving the game with the exception of a few bugs.\n\n1. If you buy houses quickly you can buy more houses than you can afford. This puts you negative in cash (the game shows $0 tho). When this happens it will continuously skip your turn until another player lands on one of your spaces bringing you positive. \n2. Frequently kicks me out of multiplayer games. \n3. Clicking on properties or any of the action buttons (mortgage, buy/sell houses) right after buying a property will lock the UI. \n4. Actions frequently freeze. Sometimes the game will kick everyone out. Auction only games are nearly impossible because of this bug. \n5. General crashes / freezes or just kicking you out for no reason.', 'userName': 'Mackeyja92', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Good but has some bugs', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 3, 15, 19), 'review': 'You can really only win when you are playing other people or on “easy mode” other then that you’ll be playing the hardest monopoly game you ever played. It makes it to the point you can’t win at all it impossible to win. \n\nIf you want other tokens you’ll have to buy more (witch I kinda understand but not really when you have to pay for the game to play anyhow). Same for the boards.', 'userName': 'pineapple_jucie', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Hard AF', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 19, 11, 28), 'review': 'This game is a scam! “Hey Tom, join my game of monopoly, but you can’t leave the app or you will be booted from the game, so don’t take a phone call or reply to a text for hours while in gameplay, unless you want the game to end.” So dumb!! So you have to stay logged on the app or it kicks you out of a multiplayer game that is hours long, dumb! Why?!? I hope they update this issue or nobody will continue to play. I’m upset I bought this; I’m still in hopes that they change this... but it seems like a cash grab scam', 'userName': 'DumbDumbDumbbb', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Logs you out if you don’t stay on the app!!!???? Scam', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 7, 32, 43), 'review': 'I was very excited to play this through online but I ended up freezing too many times.\noverall I played about 10 games, but I finished 3. It makes me so angry when I spent more than an hour and ended up freezing which I can’t do anything but leaving the game.\nI purchased this game for 5 dollars but if this bug keeps on going like this, I would have to ask for the refund.', 'userName': 'Elllnd', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'too much bugs', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 23, 51, 54), 'review': 'This is the only app I’ve ever played for outside of Words With Friends. I instantly loved the game. Only probable is while playing single player with the computers, the game is stuck on one player. It will not move to the next player even after closing and reopening the app. Big bummer 😔', 'userName': 'its.me.mario92', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Glitch, can’t play!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 7, 23, 46, 9), 'review': 'After the last update the game is having problems when you play online multiplayer and tried to make trades between players, it worked perfectly well before but now it gives problems', 'userName': 'Alaindjbat', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Bad update', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 14, 25, 13), 'review': 'I’ve always loved monopoly and wa happy to pay for it. However, once joining I realized there was more customizable s that cost money. They aren’t necessary by any means but I still don’t like that the game cost money and so does items like n the gAme considering this is a mobile game. Otherwise I’ve absolutely loved it, from the UI to the house rule customization. Very fun game.', 'userName': 'CreamSupreme', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun, expensive.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 16, 14, 6, 45), 'review': "I mean, it's Monopoly. If you like the game you'll probably enjoy the app. The one criticism l I have is that the animations make an already long game feel even longer. It would be nice on single player games to speed up the AI and give the option to remove animations; this would speed up the game significantly.", 'userName': 'spost1986', 'rating': 4, 'title': "There's room for improvement but it's still fun", 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great, one suggestion!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'V e r b ö t e n', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 18, 38, 29), 'review': 'A great rendition of the classic board game!! Just one suggestion: could y’all make it to where you can privately chat with one or more individuals during a game, specifically one with friends? A chat of during a game or even voice chat would be a great addition, I think! Besides that, great job. :)', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Addicting Game BUT', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Itsmedijh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 19, 8, 12, 47), 'review': 'Too many disconnects and crashing! \nWhat ever happen to going around the board once before anyone can buy property. The text updates are cool but there should be more communication options. \nThere should definitely be a statistics of games played and incentives or points when you when you purchase in app things', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Can’t even open the game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Squigglemonster733', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 6, 23, 26, 45), 'review': 'I thought this would be a fun way to pass the time. I bought the game and downloaded it but the every time I try to open it it crashes. Deleted it and re downloaded it several times and even restarted my phone. Bummer.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15159581, 'body': 'Hello, it has come to our attention that one of the third-party services that we use experienced a temporary outage yesterday that affected a great number of apps on iOS and caused them to immediately crash on start-up. Monopoly was temporarily affected but should now be back to normal. Please try playing again and don’t forget to leave us your feedback! We worked very hard to make Monopoly and sincerely hope that you enjoy it.\r\n\r\nShould you still be experiencing problems, get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n\r\nWe’re sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. \r\n', 'modified': '2020-05-07T10:23:54Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Love but...', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tayloreric87', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 15, 18, 47), 'review': 'I love this game but the online multiplayer issues really need to be fixed. I’ve sat in games presumably waiting for a player to go meanwhile my game is frozen. And every time my phone rings or I get altered about battery life or I leave the game to text someone.. it disconnects me. If it stayed connected during those interruption moments it would definitely be a 5', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Trash', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'tribes of israel', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 1, 51, 25), 'review': 'This game is so predictable on the dice number you’ll roll if you’re winning so the game will last longer. I have video if it’ll let me upload. I didn’t know there were two advance to boardwalk or they double the chance card and even get them mix with the community chest card. I’ve never seen a community chest card advance me to Illinois. Just randomize the dice and copy the same cards. ITLL BE A LOT BETTER IF YOU HAD A CHAT BUBBLE SO YOU COULD TALK DEALS', 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'We pay for competitiveness', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gabe24Guerrero', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 11, 24, 13), 'review': 'I love the game, always have, always will. I Just feel since we’re paying $3.99 there should be some sort of ranking system, where we get rewards of some sort or anything of that nature. To show who’s more complex and creative in their approach. If the game offered a little more, would be the best app on the market.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15214594, 'body': "Thank you for your review! I think that is a great suggestion, and our team is already considering a ranking system for a possible future update. We're actively listening to our users' feedback to improve, so we really appreciate you taking the time to share your ideas with us!", 'modified': '2020-05-10T00:23:44Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Wrong Country', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'We z we', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 14, 5, 31), 'review': 'I’m stuck playing on the German board even though I’m playing in the Netherlands.  I would rather play on the American board tbh and feel like it’s unfair that I have to pay to play on the board I grew up playing with... I wouldn’t have bought the app if this was clear from the beginning.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Was HAPPY Now FRUSTRATED!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tarra Tee', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 26, 17, 35, 55), 'review': 'I So badly wanted to rate higher, because WE actually enjoy this app.....Well, as Monopoly fanatics, we were elated when we downloaded this app. However, as of late, we all within our family have been unable to hear the audio.\n\n This is the case also for 10 additional people that I know outside my own family who own this app, and are experiencing this. Also, we have since downloaded and re downloaded to only to still have the same AUDIO GLITCH! Please FIX ASAP, as the AUDIO, portion is half, the fun/intent.', 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'URGENT! Please add a time limit per turn at least on online games.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Adriano701', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 20, 33, 57), 'review': 'When playing online, sometimes people just leave the game sitting or I don’t know what they are doing, but they just don’t do anything and keep the other players waiting, which forces me to leave the game. Not something fun to do after you have hotels and everything.', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Fix the bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jolson', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 12, 5, 42), 'review': 'Ridiculous to spend money on a game where matches are usually over an hour and you never know when it’ll start to glitch out. A few games, no one was able to buy or unmortgage property well into the game causing a virtual forfeit. Dont waste your paying customers time. Otherwise great app. Plays well and is enjoyable but had to drop two stars for the bugs', 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Great game but it’s really only half of one', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'A1464', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 23, 49, 44), 'review': 'I bought this game because all my friends wanted to have a game night while we’re quarantined. So the six of us get it and try to all join only to find out that we can’t all play, only four of us can. The board game can be played with eight people, I’m just asking you make that possible here too.', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Your new update has problems', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lib lady13', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 19, 58, 2), 'review': 'The update you made a few days ago makes it very difficult to buy houses on Virginia and States ave.  You made the buy houses icon too large and now it covers those properties when purchasing houses.  Also when you negotiate with other players on that side of the board, the icon makes it hard to see what is owned.  Please return these to their original sizes', 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Great game with minor bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JSmitty0429', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 6, 16, 11), 'review': 'The gameplay is perfect. The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the fact that i cant even check the time without is disconnecting me until the next turn. Even when I connected my airpods is gave me the same problem. If this was fixed the game would definitely deserve 5 stars!', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Saving the game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jake4bacon', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 21, 8, 19), 'review': 'This game is amazing and I love everything about it and all they did but I was playing with my family and my sister had to go to work and she had to leave so I am wishing and asking if maybe they could add a save feature to the game that only the game creator can do or something like that just so they can save it and play later', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Random game stopping bugs in multiplayer', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '77chip77', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 4, 17, 43), 'review': 'This game in single player or pass and play mode works well.\n\nMultiplayer online or with friends online rarely works for an entire game. The app often gets locked into an unrecoverable condition with one of the players. The whole game is essentially wasted with no option but to quit. Of the 15 multiplayer games I have played, only 3 have been able to play all the way through. Highly frustrating. \n\nI expected a higher quality multiplayer experience for a paid app.', 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'Maybe use my money to fix the app', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DJB-HAM', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 3, 27, 23), 'review': 'Honestly it is completely absurd that you all charge people 4 plus dollars for this app and you haven’t even worked out a single kink. The play with friends mode blows. You cannot open anything else while you are in the game or it kicks you out. Can’t let your phone ring or your out. Absolutely no game chat. Half the time the app just freezes and kicks you out for no reason. Sad how much potential this game has if you guys would put money back in to it! Do no BuY!', 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'Haven’t finish one game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'juytytrfcy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 3, 56, 51), 'review': 'It starts fine, then when changing turns it slows down. Later the dice don’t appear when its your turn and the game rolls them without you know what number you had and the pieces disappear. Play 2 more turns and then the game gets frozen and you cant do anything.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Amazing!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CPecot405', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 0, 44, 10), 'review': 'The only thing that could make this game better is a chat system.. I feel like I am playing Bots when I select multiplayer because of the random usernames like mrmonopoly, boardwalkjones, etc.. a chat system and a way to connect with Facebook friends would be awesome!! I’ll come back and give 5 stars once the chat feature is added!', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Not worth the money', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'praetorian28', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 5, 17, 16), 'review': 'Love monopoly, but this game is not worth the money. For $3.99 youd figure they’d put a bit more entertainment value in the game with voices, or graphics, gameplay. It’s kind of boring. The a.i. is also pretty ridiculous and frustrating with dice rolls. I once went to jail 4 times in a row before I could even get to GO and then I went to jail on a chance card soon after. Also having to pay more for more characters and maps... honestly save your money.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494230, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:13:58Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'It’s fun, when it works correctly.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'aliceeeeeeee0618', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 3, 56, 11), 'review': 'I downloaded this game two days ago. It constantly freezes whenever a turn is finished. Then I have to close the app and open again for the game to continue... until the next turn. Honestly it’s not worth the hassle at the moment. Maybe there will be an update to solve this, but as of right now it only feels right to give it 3 stars.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12317615, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T12:40:30Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 29, 21, 58, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It so good it does not lag it a really good game for you and your family members play together since COVID hit we was like what can we do as a family them my aunt said let’s download this game we play it all the time to together or far apart and we are a family of play game like this lol👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾🤣👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'The game', 'userName': 'sunflowers and apple blueberry'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 6, 25, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Am I meant to have fun or is the AI? 4 straight games I played I get burned and the AI get all the luck. Pass GO land on income tax so no 200 for me. Land on go to jail multiple times. AI lands on unowned properties and I continue to land on owned properties. Are you kidding me? I got this game to enjoy the game I played growing up instead you seem to want to appease the AI over making an enjoyable game? What’s the point of making this if it isn’t going to be fun and just set up real people to fail. Apparently you don’t get the idea of entertainment. SMH. Immediately regret even downloading this.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Whose this meant to be fun for?', 'userName': 'Jcase1188'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 3, 12, 25, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The computer ability to manipulate outcomes is the worst I’ve ever seen. It’s not arbitrary at all. Human play always seems to have “bad luck” while bots always seem to have success. The developers need to fix the “randomness” of dice rolls, & cards. I have literally watched the computer skip past any blocks owned by human players while the human players strike every possible misfortune available. I regret giving the cash for this game. But it’s only my fault. But I highly recommend you keep your cash because fair game play doesn’t exist on this game.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'H. O. R. R. I. B. L. E.', 'userName': 'Hdot3'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 29, 5, 24, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Been playing the board version of this since I was a kid, now I get to pass it on in a great new form.  Would love to see the new boards come out sometime soon, and a bit more visuals like with the Switch version- lots of potential for this already great game!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game for family night', 'userName': 'ChrisLeggatt'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 15, 0, 24, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I just played ten times in a row against 2 computer opponents and didn’t win once. I’m actually a good player, but I always land on the squares to pay while they never do. They’re always the first to get full colored sets because I can never land on ones to buy or I don’t have anything worth trading. It’s very frustrating. Top Hat will have $2000 and continuously win Free Parking and $400 by landing straight on Go while I tip toe around the board with $6 just waiting to go bankrupt. They need to make the rolls more fair.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Rigged for Computer to Win', 'userName': 'Tired of Unlucky Rolls'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 18, 27, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is good but is not clear how many times you have to spend money just to get more than one board. Asks you to buy more map areas from around the world for 5 dollars. Then you get name changes for the squares. Why would anyone pay the same price as they did for the game just to change names. I’m upset', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Liars', 'userName': '36973.14'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 7, 20, 11, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Please please I’m begging, we love this game but we argue so much cause people see how much you have and take advantage when making deals, let’s have a custom option to turn off seeing other players money, please', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Pls take away the ability to see other players money', 'userName': 'Ized247'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 16, 0, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is not fun to play against the AI, it is clear the AI is rigged/unbalanced against the human player. It is next to impossible for the human player to have any good chance of winning or coming close to winning against the computer players, the human player does not get good rolls like the AI, the AI rarely lands on human owned properties to pay rent, the chance and community chest cards always favor the AI. The original version of this game was much more fun to play and much more balanced, this game is not fun. I will not continue to play until this issues is fixed.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not fun to play', 'userName': 'natey-eight'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 4, 22, 29, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Needs to add a way to boot players for inactivity, players get mad when losing and leave causing no one to be able to play ruining the whole game for everyone playing and mainly the winning player. Also think there should be a bigger menu to choose from on the chat, and I feel there should be a way to keep track of your wins or loses and maybe a leader board, feel as if I’m winning for no reason, other than that, mainly the game is perfect other than the occasional freezes.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312838, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our MONOPOLY app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r\n\r\nIf you have more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:22:16Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'People leave', 'userName': 'gregwinnermonop'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 4, 5, 6, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like Monopoly because it’s much like chess. You can set you rating to your level of playing. If you rank yourself, at a high level then, you play in at very high. But you are \nA novice , then you learn the game easy until you reach the level eventually make it to a high ranking level!!!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Why I like!!!', 'userName': 'walker he talker'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 28, 13, 37, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is an amazing, high quality game. That is when you play real players. However, if you play the computer, and ask the AI players to play hard, one would expect that they would be challenging in their strategy, not by manipulation of the rolls of the dice. When I ask the AI players to play hard, I DIDN’T ASK THEM TO CHEAT. If that one feature was corrected, I would completely love and recommend the game.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'The “AI” players CHEAT!', 'userName': 'Robbobfusion'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 14, 3, 4, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The times I have played the game it was very fun, and the options to play online and locally and great. It’s the times where the game completely stops working if a call happens or just randomly doesn’t pass the turn. It’s very annoying and I don’t think I’d spend money on the game at its current state with all the bugs that hinder gameplay.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great game, but the bugs make it impossible to enjoy', 'userName': 'FixItRalph'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 6, 26, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game so much .. but it would be even more great if there was a way to video chat or voice chat while playing. Also if a game have up to 6-8 players in one game because i want to play with my family and hate to choose 3 people when  we all want to play together. Hope on the next update these are added', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love it ! .. but', 'userName': 'militant Jay'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 4, 45, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Everything works great, but all I ask is that you make the dice rolls random. The one thing people dislike about digital games is they think it’s rigged, which this game absolutely is. The computer is able to completely avoid my houses and hotels for an entire game with all comps set on hard. The one thing that should not change with difficulty setting is the randomness of a dice role, if you want the app to mirror the board game.   Please fix', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Not the game of chance', 'userName': 'georgiam20'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 5, 53, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Keeps freezing in the middle of the game when you play online with friends and then doesn’t allow you to finish the game you started. Plus the tokens are wack and over priced. The themes and boards are also over priced. But overall the game I awesome just wish it doesn’t crash. If it fixed that and was more reasonable with their price I’ll give this app 5 stars but unfortunately it’s a 2 because the time we put in lost in a glitch. Trash !!!!', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Blah', 'userName': 'poplut'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 3, 3, 22, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I can hardly get solid game in. When people leave the game freezes. When you accidentally tap anything the game freezes. Not worth 5 bucks honestly. There are no stats, chat features, or anything that makes it competitive. You could also speed up the game by putting in an auto roll + the animations take too long. It just feels like not enough thought went into making it.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Too buggy and lacks features', 'userName': 'Sam1994512'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 23, 1, 26), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a fantastic app that’s easy to play. Great to play with friends during a quarantine. The only thing I’d like to see, and the reason I’m giving it four stars, is an integrated chat so I don’t have to exit every two seconds to text the friend I’m playing with. Just an idea that would really push the game to perfect!!', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Play with friends chat, great app', 'userName': 'JohnTheBomb165'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 11, 36, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Not only if you leave the game for a second there’s a chance it might screw up as well as phone calls and battery life notifications. But with no interferences on three occasions I waited 4hrs hoping it would give me the win when the last opponent forfeited the game the timer went for waiting make them pay me and nothing happens. So if you like to know you won but not getting the win is what you like enjoy', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Game freezes if players leave', 'userName': 'mopar preformance'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 8, 58, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Great app for playing solo or online with friends during quarantine. My only complaint is that when playing online with friends, if one player gets booted out of the room because of a WiFi or power interruption, there is no way for them to get back in to finish the game. Would be great if this could be fixed.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great app for quarantine', 'userName': 'eienfy36483'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 2, 7, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is very fun! I’ve enjoyed my time playing it. However, the game frequently freezes and has a lot of glitches which makes it unenjoyable to play sometimes. The graphics are awesome and love the maps! One thing I would love to be added is different rules/features for multiplayer that they have in the single player. \n2 stars for gameplay and graphics. Game needs improvement and needs to fix glitches.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Fun game that needs fixing!', 'userName': 'Nfhjkkkjj'}, {'userName': 'amir xx', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'When playing there is this glich that makes your dice freeze on the screen in multiplayer this might cause you do quit because you cant do anything after this glich been fixed i will change the rating to 5', 'title': 'Flawless but with only one flaw', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 14, 4, 52)}, {'userName': 'Playerx07', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game is fun but I think if it was possible to assign like a side to each player it would make it better. Since 4 is the max then each player would have a side. Also when I tried buying a house for one of the house the pop up to buy a house was blocking the house.', 'title': 'Enjoy playing this with friends on iPad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 0, 38, 23)}, {'userName': 'jøhl', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Too glitchy when playing with real people online. I tried three games with friends remotely- never got to finish one. Two crashes when we were trying to make a deal. The last one, I accidentally touched the bottom of the screen (to switch apps) and it just got stuck where it wouldn’t let me do anything and it was my turn. \nApparently this has been an issue since the app was released so it’s frustrating that it hasn’t been addressed.', 'title': 'Disappointing for being a paid app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 7, 34, 15)}, {'userName': 'chefcharm', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'This game is fun to play with peers, but I had 3 games freeze within 3 hours. Even when I attempt to switch from WiFi to internet, the game freezes. \n\nAlso there shouldn’t be an issue with someone swiping down to view his/her notifications or even the time. \n\nFinally, I believe there should be a chat box to communicate with opponents during the game', 'title': 'Connectivity needs to be fixed!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 21, 4, 56, 22)}, {'userName': 'ThisAppIsRigged', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I am currently playing and completely destroying these people and instead of losing like a mature person, they are just sitting on one persons turn and waiting until I leave so he can “win”. The game is now frozen paused because he can do this indefinitely until he feels like it. This is ridiculous because it isn’t kicking him for inactivity or automatically taking over his/her turn.', 'title': 'NEEDS TO BE A GAME COUNTER AND CHAT', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 8, 25, 21)}, {'userName': 'PoKaNYC', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Love Monopoly. Hate this game. First off, too many unnecessary animations. It makes the game drag on. Second, while playing the online multiplayer version, just when you’re at the height of the game, the servers stop responding and there are reconnection issues. I can’t count how many times this has happened to me. It has prompted me to only play the game with the AI. No more playing with others, which is moot IMO. I will give it 5 stars when they fix the reconnection issues.', 'title': 'Glitchy game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 22, 43, 50)}, {'userName': 'LofiAnthony', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game has been a blast so far however there is a common issue with the game freezing randomly during the match. Some other suggestions to improve the game: Let players unlock the camera so we can move around the board, zoom in/out,  let us read the board during another person’s turn, highlight their owned properties when tapping their name.', 'title': 'Game is Still Freezing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 24, 0, 6, 58)}, {'userName': 'ShadowsOfDeath', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Not having any friends to play real monopoly was a bust so I bought this game thinking I can finally play by myself and the computer. But no! every draw, every roll of dice... is rigged. All just to make you play longer and waste your time. If I wanted to be hooked on something so unfulfilling I’d try playing board game monopoly with my actual self. Least the outcomes would be more realistic. Worst waste of $4 all just to constantly keep getting messed by the AI.', 'title': 'Technology at its worst', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 17, 46, 4)}, {'userName': 'sadthimble', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Overall would be a fun game. Fiancé and I each downloaded to play together but both of our games have been terminated early due to disconnection and no way to rejoin. Both times have been frustrating - the first after a short game (couple of rounds), and the second after 30 minutes of game play.\n\nWe didn’t change locations, and have been sitting next to each other and have no other connection issues with internet/cell and other apps.', 'title': 'Unable to complete a game with friend', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 11, 2, 39, 23)}, {'userName': 'Drae swagg', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I don’t think this game was worth $3.99 it should have been free to play. There’s no chat, no timers on moving or trade. I had a guy spend 11 minutes trying to trade someone on their first move of the game. Also the game freezes up a lot. If your game freezes and you restart it you will start a whole new game. Between players turns the game is very laggy. You get nothing for winning. No prizes no recognition that you’re a winner. And there a lot of money in micro transactions', 'title': 'This game not good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 6, 22, 14)}, {'userName': 'brianyasyasyas', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': "This app isn't free but acts like one. Each round is extremely slow paced and in between those rounds, it either lags, freezes or sometimes just straight up crashes. \nPLEASE fix these issues. Is the better version in the $30 season pass? \nAnother issue I constantly run into is when playing a new online game, 4/5 times the board is completely empty with no players. So the game freezes and you have to restart the whole app to try your chances of actually playing one match.", 'title': 'Paid for what??', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 21, 14, 51)}, {'userName': 'BlueBliss', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'This has potential to be an all-time iOS great, but issues will prevent it from being so.  \n\nGame is extremely, extremely buggy in multiplayer mode. Most games never connect or start successfully. If you’re lucky to play a game, connection issues will time you out. Unlike other games that allow you to re-join the current game in progress, you can’t rejoin if you time out.\n\nAgain, great potential, but not polished by any means. Cmon, guys.', 'title': 'Fun, memorable, but oh-so-buggy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 5, 59, 17)}, {'userName': 'brittg08', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23086233, 'body': 'Hello! Thank you for the review! We are currently working on a feature that will allow players to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. Thank you for the patience and apologies for the inconvenience. Feel free to reach out at help@marmalademail.com for direct support', 'modified': '2021-05-30T13:00:00Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I have a lot of fun playing with my boyfriend... but we can’t play for hours at a time. We have to work and we have other obligations sometimes. Unless you play the entire game thru, it will stop. And every time we try to pick up from where we left off.. it makes us start all over.', 'title': 'Really like the game, but....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 27, 4, 14)}, {'userName': 'Farmer646', 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23178234, 'body': 'Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. Feel free to reach out at help@marmalademail.com for a direct channel or any technical issues! ', 'modified': '2021-06-03T15:01:43Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Every time. \nI might be insane, expecting a different outcome after every time I play.\nBut it’s always the same.\nI get ahead early and get hotels up. Multiple color sets.\nThe boy t gets 1 color set. Which I land on. \nEvery time.\nAnd the bots? Skip right over mine. Whether it’s landing on Community Chest or Chance or Jail or Free Parking, they go right over my properties.\nEvery time.\nWhat’s the formula? \nWhat’s the algorithm for the dice? \nIs Hard mode a different way to say that the bots won’t land on your properties, but they’ll dance between the rain drops? \nIs hard mode another way of saying that you getting ahead early won’t mean anything, because you’ll land on the bot properties every time?\nDon’t waste your money or time.\nThe game is rigged.\nThe only way to win is not to play.\n- A Clearly Insane Person', 'title': '3rd Time Reviewing (Hard Mode)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 10, 2, 24, 49)}, {'userName': 'Jason the barber', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Love it. My biggest complaint is when players are losing and they try to hold up the game by not playing. Hoping other players leave. It forces players to play during the beginning of the game, but at some point the game doesn’t force a roll. Would be nice that it did it all the way through the game', 'title': 'One big thing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 29, 2, 5, 48)}, {'userName': 'Angelbunnydarling', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Can you please make a Kick option for people who stop playing mid game ? Also when people lag out the whole game lags and freezes! A 20 min game and it just freezes at the end when you have all your property ect ..please make a kick option so we can actually play a full session otherwise I love it !', 'title': 'Kick', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 13, 0, 33, 51)}, {'userName': 'ped314', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I want a refund. When it comes to an auction it doesn’t allow you to put in any amount you want. It tells you what your opponents high bid is and then it gives you a number. It doesn’t allow you to put in any dollar amount you want to. That is a big problem. I don’t have that issue with the monopoly game that I have on my iPad which is a different version than this one for the iPhone.  If I would have known this I would NOT have bought it.', 'title': 'It doesn’t allow you to bid what you want', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 29, 22, 2, 11)}, {'userName': 'mike_cs', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20551228, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:17:34Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Great game just too many times when you can’t finish the game it just stops after a players turn as if that player didn’t hit end turn.....And why can’t you bring a friend to an online lobby a lot of times it would just be me and a friend and we want to play with each other but we’d rather not play just 1 on 1 it we be nice if we could join an online lobby', 'title': 'Good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 18, 21, 44)}, {'userName': 'T Housman', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I’ve been playing Monopoly for over 35 years. The mobile version is really fun, but I am unhappy with the lack of theme and board choices. I am a hippie, vegan, gardener, artist, that abhors government corruption, and wants to ensure that every human being has food clothing and shelter, equally. I need a board that reflects my personality. I feel left out. We ALL do. There’s A LOT of us now, so give US a board to represent who we are. For example...\n-Themes\n  -the beach\n  -heaven\n  -one giant garden \n  -rainbow world\n  -fantasy land (unicorns, etc.) \n  -a tiny or giant land, with all cultures represented throughout (global)\nThat’s just a few.\nThanks so much. \n I hope there will be a big update soon. 🙏', 'title': 'I really like it but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 10, 0, 10, 26)}, {'userName': 'Samararanae', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game is addicting, like very....but it’s so annoying that it keeps freezing every now and then. Also there’s no way to reconnect a game? If the app gets exited out there’s no way to reconnect a game with friends or multiplayer just 1 player with bots. I also would like to play multiplayer with friends. How come this isn’t an option?', 'title': 'KEEPS FREEZING', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 6, 17, 40)}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 20, 18, 13), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'fullofnextbigideas', 'title': 'AMAZING', 'review': 'This game is truly incredible and so fun to play with your friends! If you see this game you have to buy it!!! I would sit here for days playing this game! Just think about it, you know how board games are so fun but so tedious. Well this game lets you have that fun without it taking so long! You should buy this game IMMEDIATELY!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 6, 19, 29, 4), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Ross_237', 'title': 'Fun game', 'review': 'I like it! I would LOVE if they added a turn based version kinda like how “words with friends” does you don’t have to play “live” per say you could take your turn when you had time. Even if it was a modifier for private games would be amazing.\n\nMy family lives in other states and we could play between adulting lol', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17767520, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are happy to hear that you are enjoying our Monopoly game with your family. I´m happy to inform you that our team is already working on a feature that will allow you to add players as friends, and also a more "open" chat feature :)! Stay tuned, and keep having a blast! If you have any questions, feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-09-08T23:02:33Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 23, 35, 39), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'ellieknowsalot', 'title': 'The update was trash', 'review': 'We’ve been playing this game every night for two months and it has been so much fun.\nIt recently updated and ever since it has caused many problems.\nIt kicks you out of the game, it will freeze and it disconnect you.\nIt’s pretty bad. We just started 3 games in a row Back to back to back and we were frozen out of all three of our games within minutes of starting.\nPlease fix it It was our favorite game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 19, 5, 13, 2), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Sierrag143', 'title': 'Can’t finish a game', 'review': 'It’s really ridiculous how you guys can’t implement a feature where if someone backs out it doesn’t ruin the game for everybody! The game will just randomly stop for everyone and no one can play! How are you guys going to charge money for a game but not have a proper multiplayer function. It’s hard to find 4 random people that’ll all invest at least a hour into a board game so when someone glitches out or leaves keep the game going and just have that person be kicked out of the lobby. Simple', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 22, 10, 52), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'hpswimmer', 'title': 'Some minor improvements needed', 'review': 'It’s a great take on the classic game, but everything goes really quickly. There should be a setting to slow the game/graphics down. There should also be a way to view previous actions. Sometimes trades happens so quickly in single player mode I can’t figure out who did what!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 2, 18, 32, 42), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Gunby', 'title': 'Good app if you like regular monopoly', 'review': 'Have not played online against others, but if you’re looking to pick it up and play a round against computer opponents, it’s great. It will scratch the monopoly itch.\n\nMy one disappointment is that you can’t see your playing stats. Thinks like total playtime, total games (won/lost), etc. would be a really nice feature.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 8, 17, 18), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'akbshduqi', 'title': 'Boring', 'review': 'Not being a sore loser or anything, but I feel like this game is very unfair. I’m constantly in jail, always landing on income and luxury tax and always landing on the other players properties while getting the negative chance and community chest options. Meanwhile, the other player never goes to jail, hardly ever lands on your properties, always gets color sets, and only gets the positive chance and community chest options. Kinda regret buying this app if there’s no way you can win.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 2, 59, 45), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'mallot mittens', 'title': 'No longer allows online multiplayer', 'review': 'I loved this game, I put four stars but now I’m beginning to think I should retract a few. At first I was able to play this game online with multiplayer but now when I try, it says no internet connection. I’ve tested my internet connection and able to do other things that require internet except this game. I’ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still not able to play online. Other than that it’s a great game the graphics quality is really good.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 2, 1, 18), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'FancyFranyB247365', 'title': 'Love', 'review': 'Bought this for me & now....my kids uploaded it onto their iPhones (family plan). Now that we all have it we can play together with n our own phones in our own rooms or right next to each other. My kids ages, you ask...13 & 10!! It beats the board game Monopoly!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 6, 42, 35), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'littleummy3', 'title': 'Good game but not equal', 'review': 'Was playing with girlfriend and the way the computer behind the game works is awful. I had only one property on the entire board which was blues. Every other property of mine was mortgaged. She had almost every property in the game with hotels on all of them and not once did I ever land on her spots. The slots are rigged to one player I swear. Every time she came around she would land on Boardwalk. To be exact she landed on Boardwalk with a hotel on it 10 times in a row. Game is fun but way rigged.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 3, 4, 45), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Lets Play A Game 2020', 'title': 'Fun game, disappointing ending', 'review': 'I’d like to start by saying I loved playing the game itself. It’s so true to the original board game and takes half the time to play. I also liked that we could play with family from around the country. Unfortunately, after almost two hours into play, on multiple occasions, the game froze or kicked one or more of us out. Talk about a total let down! Just when the game was starting to get good. So disappointing. It also drains the battery more than any other app I’ve had.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 14, 10, 4), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'GirlB61', 'title': 'Online Game Crashes After Trade', 'review': 'Purchased all the themes. We like the snow theme and play both online and single player games, custom and classic. Under all scenarios, game crashes. After a few trades and well into the game, it locks There’s no recovery save to abandon the current game and start a new one. We try having one of us exit. Game says ‘reconnecting’ but no joy. This happens with the latest update and the prior version. Possibly the one before that, don’t recall. Annoying.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 13, 43, 50), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Jjjjjjj36462', 'title': 'Needs a chat box', 'review': 'The game is almost perfect besides the fact that if you’re playing online with friends, you cannot leave the app without forfeiting the game. Adding a chat box will make the game more fun and competitive and will prevent people from leaving the app. Please make an update where you can resume the game where you left off.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 16, 54, 43), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Big Bilti', 'title': 'Great Experience, Worth it', 'review': 'I love Monopoly and this app version of the game does a fantastic job articulating a beloved game. \nUser-Interface could use some work (menu layout and navigation can be modernized), and the online component would benefit from a user rating system like Uber. \n(This would ideally ensure that players stay in the game or avoid “throwing” the game when they go bankrupt).', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 23, 37, 43), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'The princess lesly', 'title': 'Decent bot gameplay', 'review': 'If you want a monopoly with online game capability, then you’re asking for way too much. Single player is where it’s at...sort of. Bots don’t get trading that much. If you don’t accept $100 and a worthless property when they want a monopoly, then they’ll raise the amount... by $5 every time. Annoying but yeah. If you want to play with friends or people around the world then play call of duty or something, cause on most cases you don’t even get to start the game.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 6, 23, 28, 56), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Axelp36', 'title': 'Game keeps disconnecting', 'review': 'I love monopoly and this app is fun. The main problem is how you have to sit on the screen until the game is done or else you risk the game disconnecting and ending. Monopoly is a long game. Not all of us have time to just sit on the screen till the game is over. Other apps allow you to leave the app or even close it until you choose to play your turn without any problem of disconnection. Why can’t this app incorporate that?', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23266257, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-06-08T13:50:07Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 9, 3, 22, 46), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Timthestudly', 'title': 'AI cheats', 'review': 'This is a gamer i really wanted to like but the ai is impossible to play with. I thought i was being sour until i tracked the numbers and found the rolls were wildly against the statistics of what they would be in real life. The ai will always miss your properties and then punish you when rolling. For example having a quarter of the properties and having 3 lands on 25 turns. Or when all the properties are sold and only having one because you never landed on more than one unowned property. It’s so obvious out makes the game unplayable', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 11, 5, 15, 58), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Ashhharrington', 'title': 'Moves are inaccurate', 'review': 'I love the board game and was excited about the app until I started to notice after only a day that the moves do not match the roll all the time. I decided to try another game today and noticed it almost once every other round. I roll a 10 and it moves me 11, the AI rolls an 8 and it moves 7. Sometimes it’s accurate, but it’s really frustrating because the is fairly dependent on the roll of the dice. \n\nPlease fix this issue!!', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902011, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We really apologize to hear that you've encountered this nasty bug, our team is already aware of this problem and we are looking forward to finding a solution for this. We apologize for all the inconvenience, however, do let us know if you have more concerns by sending us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:01:28Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 2, 11, 45, 16), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Cannery12', 'title': 'Slow becomes tedious fast', 'review': 'First the graphics are good but annoying. \n      Zooming in and out just wears me down. \n———     When playing Single player /against the computer why do I need to sit thru ALL of the transactions! What a time waster. There use to be where you can touch and hold the screen to speed up the process. **That would be awesome if you can implement that feature again. \n     Going to jail four times in a row is a little much.', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17702848, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I´ve shared this idea with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features, so please don´t hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have more ideas that you wish to see implemented in the future. ', 'modified': '2020-09-04T23:24:25Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 2, 8, 13, 25), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Atrizwan', 'title': 'Game gets stuck, can’t complete', 'review': 'When I do get to finish the game, it’s fun but over 50% of the time the game gets stuck/frozen/hung. Anytime I get a call/ I minimize my app/ or just randomly. It’s soo annoying after having spent 2 hours on this game only to never be able to finish. What even more annoying is that I paid for this game, it’s not a free app. They should increase their server capacity or something. Please improve on this!! Want to delete this app.', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17095130, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are unable to finish most of your games. We are already aware of this problem and we are working tirelessly to have a fix as soon as possible. We apologize for all the trouble. If you have further questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. ', 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:39:17Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Needs faster gameplay options', 'review': 'Love playing with my boys. Mirroring to Apple tv is great! \n\nI’d love to see the option to play with the animations turned off to speed up gameplay. On my old palm pilot (I know, I know, I’m old) I could easily play one game and sometimes two during boring college classes.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 19, 3, 49, 21), 'userName': 'hightower_04'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Needs Work!', 'review': 'When opponent is bankrupt they will leave the game without ending turn and game would sit idle for infinity. Also if you’re rich early in game than opponents are most likely will roll enough numbers to fly over your property without even landing multiple times. Assuming it’s designed to last longer but doesn’t have natural feeling. Should have time limit for offers and auto end turns and auto continue game when bankrupt.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 14, 16, 15, 30), 'userName': 'DipakBarott'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Disappointed', 'review': 'This game has so much potential! It’s exactly like playing at home. The app also allows you to play multiplayer. One of many problems is that when a player doesn’t get their way they will just quit making you wait for awhile during their turn. There also isn’t a fair time limit per turn so players will make you wait 5 min each turn if they don’t get their way. \nWould be a great free app but not worth paying for until these issues are fixed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 14, 3, 24, 21), 'userName': 'zbrown4655'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Always fun but sometimes....', 'review': 'The game is such a fun way to play with your friends as well as online. However often then not when playing with friends the game will freeze and cause us to re start our game when we have well established our properties. Overall it’s a really fun way to play with friends from home.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 3, 18, 25, 19), 'userName': 'Cghdtvj'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Super fun, but freezes out too often', 'review': 'I love this app. It’s so much fun to be able to virtually play with strangers and loved ones... I only have a couple of complaints. \n\n1. The app freezes quite regularly. All of a sudden, in the midst of a heated game, it can suddenly freeze thus inevitably ending the game. When you play a game as time consuming as Monopoly, the last thing you want is to get booted from a game bc of something like that. It’s maddening. \n2. When trade deals are being made, you lose sight of the entire board. I personally like the ability to assess the entire board as I’m considering a trade, and that option simply doesn’t exist in this app. \n\nOutside of those two things the app is a lot of fun.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 22, 29, 48), 'userName': 'Lindsey.M_2020'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Fatal error every time you switch apps', 'review': 'This game gets stuck anytime someone switches out of the app mid-offer. There is no chat option (???) and talking to other players during trades is kind of critical to the game(!). Long story short- when you go to text your friends about an offer they made you, game kicks you out for switching apps, and you there is no way to jump start the game. We just lost a 1.5 hour game, and a 1 hour game in a row. For $5 a person, I would expect this error to be fixed ASAP.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 19, 4, 39, 1), 'userName': 'CamCdiddly'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I like the game but', 'review': 'I like this game because it’s just like the board game but I’ve been having some issues trying to buy houses! Whenever I tap buy houses it highlights the inside of the map but whenever I click anywhere I can’t buy any of the houses for the properties I own! Please help!’', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 29, 5, 34, 30), 'userName': 'ABSJANA'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'PLEASE FIX THE BUGS', 'review': 'When it works this game is sooooo much fun! The only down side are the bugs when playing multiplayer online with other people. If you leave the app or get any notification, even a low battery notification, the game freezes. When you’re playing for hours this can be frustrating. Once this is fixed this will be the best app on my phone', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 21, 34, 34), 'userName': 'Hokage Kakashi'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Want my money back', 'review': 'Your A.I. is a joke especially if it’s on easy. How is it that your A.I. manages to always get doubles almost every turn and never land on any of my properties at every turn. It just happens to land on the treasure chest each time around collecting more and more money. I mean you want people to like the game right? I thought it would at least be a fair game but not in the slightest. Apparently I should’ve read the reviews first because I’m not the only one who’s noticed. Fix your A. I. and refund my money.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 29, 8, 45, 27), 'userName': 'Hbray11'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Freezing issues', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12507420, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are glad to hear that the updates have improved the game experience for you. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-20T11:06:44Z'}, 'review': 'Keeps freezing middle of game. I close out of game and re-open from last. It sometimes redoes the move and works and other times re-freezes not allowing next or anyone to roll. FYI\n\nUpdate : issues fixed thank you for hearing concern and addressing!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 21, 12, 30), 'userName': 'priorlakerunner'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Online Multiplayer may be fake', 'review': 'I’ve enjoyed playing monopoly for the most part other than when the game crashes, but I was playing a game of “online multiplayer” earlier and I had to stop playing for about 20 minutes. When I opened the app back up, the game I was in continued to play seamlessly. If my opponents were really other players, they would have quit or I would have been kicked. So it seems to me like you’re just playing against bots.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 13, 4, 49), 'userName': 'Yarm34'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Often freeze and laggy', 'review': 'For a PAID game it is laggy. Very often during multiplayer online game just freezes up and you have to quit. \nAlso, it would be nice so other players can  poke or send some kind of alert pop to the unresponsive player during his turn. Or make him loose his turn after about 5 sec. so others can play and NOT wait for him to get back. I love monopoly board game but this version is a bit of a disappointment so far.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 2, 8, 36), 'userName': 'Wasp_RUS'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Terrible', 'review': 'The game always freazes in multiplayer. And not it’s not bc I have an older phone. I have the iPhone 11 Pro and it does it every single game. And u know how long a monopoly game lasts for. So when it freezes mid game, it’s the dumbest thing. If you’re thinking about PAYING for this game. DO NOT. Keep scrolling. Would recommend. 0% chance.\n\n*Update: I literally hate this game. I hope the person that made this game trips on a car that’s going 250 mph and disintegrates their body from impact. If I meet this producer I’ll be going down that road at 250 mph ;)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 11, 22, 4, 59), 'userName': 'Nickname was Available'}, {'isEdited': True, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'There is Potential for Fun', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12491662, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you'd like to share your thoughts on the AI and how you think it is failing. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T15:21:59Z'}, 'review': 'This is a classic board game and this apps’s mechanics and design are attractive. There are several game modes and rule customization options to keep the gameplay interesting over time. But this app — in its current state — is awful.\n\nThe online multiplayer games end mid-game in a frozen state over 80% of the time in my experience. There are too many glitches to list in a review.\n\nSingle-player mode is more stable, but the AI is horrifically bad (even in “Hard” mode). \n\nSave your money. But keep an eye on this in case the developers actually maintain this. There’s potential here.\n\nUPDATE: After the latest developer update, the rate of frozen/incomplete multiplayer games has improved, dropping from a frozen rate of 80% to 67%\nIt remains a disappointing experience.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 13, 54, 2), 'userName': 'blue piano'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Monopoly at its Finest', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12322746, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T17:24:47Z'}, 'review': 'Great app, the only thing I would recommend is a few bug fixes(the game will just stop very now and then when a piece land on a square) and a way to speed up or just completely skip AI turns. Other than that, this game does a fantastic Job at delivering a true monopoly experience!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 16, 39, 39), 'userName': 'Paise The Lord!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Always disconnecting when I play with friends.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494363, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:22:17Z'}, 'review': 'Connecting to WiFi is no problem, but when I use the play with friends option my friend or I will get disconnected in the middle of our game for no reason. Constantly getting disconnected when there should be an option to just resume when something goes wrong just makes us frustrated and not want to play. For $4 I would have hoped for it to be fun and not so frustrating.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 1, 35, 54), 'userName': 'xdesymarie'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great Game need for improvement.', 'review': 'I love the game but there is a lot of things that need added. First thing is I have not been able to play a classic multiplayer game I have been able to play a speed one. 2nd I wish you could add a vibrate when it’s your turn, because I like to watch tv and play but I never notice when it’s my turn.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 5, 35, 26), 'userName': 'ProNoob_YT'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great game', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299182, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T17:43:59Z'}, 'review': 'Just like siting around the table and playing with our family. We now do it with our cell phones on the go. Only issue is it freezes a lot in the middle of the game causing you to lose progress or force quit. I hope they work this bug out soon because it is so annoying, especially when you’re winning or doing really good. Would be 5 stars otherwise.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 8, 37), 'userName': 'Sh-LandaFrancis16'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Its a great game But !!!', 'review': 'The game is amazing can’t be any better, the only problem i have with this game is that the whenever you roll the dices it does not work randomly, yet it gives the player chances to continue the game, the computer chooses what number u get! So i want a feature where u can use dices in real life then u command the game to give u same numbers u got in real life, that will be more fair', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 3, 15, 56, 20), 'userName': 'ShivanAlgardy'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Cheating', 'review': 'Some people, when they realize they won’t win or when they get tired of playing, will trade all their money and properties to someone for one property, which they then sell back for $1. this makes it ridiculously unfair in favor of the player that gets their entire hand. there should be a way to report players who do this so this doesn’t happen.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 15, 22, 47, 1), 'userName': 'Maybe I can help'}, {'title': 'Amazing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 3, 14, 16), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Oliver Qveen', 'review': 'When I have nothing to do at work. Cause I’m a cop. I play this all night. I haven’t had trouble with people not playing in online. His is my favorite board game. Me and my wife are addicted to it. And if I don’t wanna play online, the computers can be very challenging. This a great game a worth a few dollars.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 13, 20, 54, 27), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'jajajskaiaiaja', 'review': 'Great game.. However, my only complaint is that when playing single player, the game very obviously gives advantage to the AI when it comes to landing on spaces. I win every time, but the game obviously rolls the AI over your houses/hotels many times, but you still land on their houses/hotels no problem. In the real game/real dice, most of that wouldn’t happen.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Amazing game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 2, 49, 43), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'monoploysuperplayerfun', 'review': 'But seriously, can you please update the game so we can have a chat box and free text in the app with players?! It would take the game from being a 9 to being a 10+! Please strongly consider this as I know it would be a huge game changer. Thank you very much!\n\nKevin', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 4, 15, 23), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'miradandasings08', 'review': 'For any Monopoly lovers out there such as myself I would definitely recommend this game because it is totally worth it. The game is very fun and enjoyable and you’ll never get sick of playing it. I have not yet found any downsides to the game and I really hope that you will enjoy it too!', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Needs one fix', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 2, 0, 38, 52), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'nyquildreams', 'review': 'The biggest flaw in this game is that you don’t turn off the home swipe off for one swipe like most other games. When I go to bid in an auction in an online game many times I have lost because it registers a false home swipe. This needs to be fixed. Otherwise it is a great board game on your phone.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Check software, cheaters', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 20, 17, 38, 56), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'nanektron', 'review': 'Just saying I’m not a sore loser but, I’ve played enough Ceelo to know you cant roll consecutively numbers that makes you land on your property and safe spots. Not sure if this game is link with PC version but there are some serious cheaters.\n\nDon’t ever put a ranking system or win/loss ratio it will be even worse. Further the conversation cause it’s some odd bogus goofy people playing this game hacking it cause of some childhood drama. \n\nThis why we can’t have nice things.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18053157, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review. We are very saddened to hear that you are unable to play online. Please try uninstalling the App, and then install it again. Make sure to restart your phone before installing Monopoly again. If you are still having problems after doing this, please contact us to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:50:24Z'}, 'title': 'Online modes not working', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 15, 20, 7, 16), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Jdjebnskejw', 'review': 'I can see improvement in freezing issues over the past months. Thank you. I can’t seem to play online multiplayer anymore though. I click the Online Multiplayer option and it would be on “connecting..” for like 5 seconds then says “No internet connection detected!” It’s been like this for a few weeks now pls help', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great game but needs fixing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 7, 19, 23, 10), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Yodad13', 'review': 'I personally think this game is great I love everything about it , the only problem I have with it , is that every time I’m close to winning my game will just stop and it won’t let me end my turn and this is really annoying because it’s not the first time it happened! Pretty much a waste of time because I can never win without getting glitched.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Freezing constantly.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 15, 25, 43), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'R.P. Monops', 'review': 'My friends and I love the game and it was working great.  Ever since the new update with the chat feature, the game consistently crashes or freezes. This needs to be fixed as it takes away from the gameplay.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Wish the AI was smarter', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 12, 23, 41, 36), 'rating': 2, 'userName': "Your mom's crack house", 'review': 'Update: done playing. AI are basically cheaters. Making deals that no sane person would make. No one would trade a property allowing the other person to gain a monopoly while not getting one in return. Not to mention, every time the AI makes one of these trades the character that received the monopoly also has enough funds to immediately put hotels up. Not even remotely fun. Won’t be playing again until the AI is fixed.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fun game, networking bugs ruin it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 29, 11, 43, 14), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Mr. Bitcoin', 'review': 'It’s a great version of Monopoly when it’s working the problem is the online multi player is so buggy it constantly freezes and stalls games. Ive been in the middle of  dozens of fames only to have the board stop responding-VERY frustrating\n\nBottom line: when/if the networking is fixed this would be one of the best ios games-till then, fun but frequently infuriating', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15162052, 'body': 'Hello, it has come to our attention that one of the third-party services that we use experienced a temporary outage yesterday that affected a great number of apps on iOS and caused them to immediately crash on start-up. Monopoly was temporarily affected but should now be back to normal. Please try playing again and don’t forget to leave us your feedback! We worked very hard to make Monopoly and sincerely hope that you enjoy it. Should you still be experiencing problems, get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com. We’re sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience.', 'modified': '2020-05-07T12:11:46Z'}, 'title': 'Quit working!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 12, 24, 16), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'mike tyttty', 'review': 'I have played this game for about a month, and it was great! But then it just quit working tonight. Deleted it, powered off iPad, then reinstalled it. Nothing! Updates and software are up to date.\nUpdate- 2 days later, back up and working like new! Thanks for the reply.', 'isEdited': True}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15172756, 'body': "Thank you for your review! We can assure you our team is already tirelessly working on an update that will hopefully fix these connection issues. We're also happy to let you know that our next update will include an in-game chat feature so players can communicate during the game! We hope this improves your experience playing Monopoly", 'modified': '2020-05-07T22:03:05Z'}, 'title': 'Add chat please!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 4, 20, 44, 24), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'ralph lauren III', 'review': 'This is a great emulation of the classic monopoly game. It would be awesome to add a chat, voice chat, or emote feature so that you could communicate with other players. That’s all I can think would make it a 5 star game!\n\nAlso please make game connectivity better, I have noticed some laggy activity and players frequently having to reconnect!', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'One of my favorites but....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 23, 24, 45), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'binxyboy', 'review': 'I love this game ! There’s a few things that frustrates me it’s super sensitive, meaning it always stops in the middle of the game or gets stuck ( but not that bad) however, as many of times as I won I just feel like the game can maybe give u a free prize game token or something... smh u just win an that’s it another 2hour game so I’m giving it 4 stars', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'THIS GAME FREEZES THEN IT LOGS YOU OFF IN THE MIDDLE OF THE GAME', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 18, 8, 4), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'skyla novea', 'review': 'Okay so this game I like monopoly but this game is already soooo long and if your in the middle of the game and your winning sometimes it will freeze and log you off and then you just wasted your whole hours of life in this game just for it to log you off that makes me so mad and you already spend money on the game to play it this shouldn’t be happening at all and when your in the game to you have to spend more money on other boards instead of leveling up to get a new board play', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'The game isn’t chanced based', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 5, 19), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'KenKen0721', 'review': 'The dice are rigged, and you each player falls in some type category when the game starts, the favorite (the game gives this person everything), the money player (every time this person receives a card it’s always collecting money or passing go), then there’s one normal player (this player can go either way), and last the loser (this poor bastard has no chance at all) wish the game was more random, and also a score board of how many games you win and lose', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 1, 50, 38), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'FloridaCarmen', 'review': 'Graphics are amazing and the way it zooms in you don’t need a large device, but a large device would make it better. Only suggestion is that there isn’t a built in chat when playing online with friends.  It usually takes 2 hrs to play and since we can’t do anything else, it’s perfect.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'New Pieces', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 22, 27, 59), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Hloljsjdhebeb', 'review': 'I LOVE the game 💕, and it’s honestly been so fun to play with friends especially during right  now and the pandemic. Although I’d love to see some more classic tokens such as the rabbit, hashtag, phone, bathtub, campfire, roller skate, bicycle, typewriter, turtle, tv, you get it. Otherwise everything is great despite the few minor bugs but i’m sure it’s being improved as I speak.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great in the past, but recent update messes up game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 10, 8, 50), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'JayGees7', 'review': 'I’ve enjoyed this game over the months since I got it, but an update a few days back had some unintended consequences. Specifically, the action buttons on the left side of the screen (buy or sell houses, trade with others) overlap with certain spaces on the left side of the board when selected. This results in certain actions, like buying houses for those particular spaces, being impossible.  Please fix.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love this game but few requests', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 2, 0, 3), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'bookaddict', 'review': 'I have also have won twice which helps but is there anyway to slow down the play please please, I have a niece who is younger and mum with dementia and I would love to be able to play it with them but at a slower pace. \nAlso the buy houses button sticks out when you are trying to buy houses/hotels on the properties down there, better method out there???', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Billy48382929', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 17, 3, 6, 49), 'title': 'Notifications to come back to game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'When playing multiplayer with friends.  We can’t always finish the game and need to be able to pause and come back to it.  Or a notification for when it’s your turn so you don’t have to stay I. The app.  N'}, {'userName': 'antpc9119', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 9, 10, 10), 'title': 'CPU should not be needed in private games', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Only one game in, and I can’t stand the sensitive disconnect and waiting. Crucial turns were taken for me that changed the course of a whole game. As angry as I was, I worked through it. However what a terrible surprise after paying for this app. There should be no reason that CPU takes over in an invite only game. Time/stalling is obviously not a worry. This needs to be resolved. It’s completely game breaking and a deal breaker for me. I’ll seek out other means to play the game until then.'}, {'userName': 'itsclowneryluv', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 1, 40, 21), 'title': 'CRASHING', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'as many of the people below me have said, this app crashes... A LOT. it’s frustrating because it’s so fun to play but ends up being a waste of time when you can’t even get halfway through the game. there’s no way of fixing it or re-joining after it forces you to quit, so you have to completely restart or give up. the add-ons seem pointless and expensive. don’t waste money on this app if you plan on playing it only a few times.'}, {'userName': 'Purple8andit', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 7, 44, 34), 'title': 'Unplayable', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12490858, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T14:36:43Z'}, 'review': 'STILL yet to finish a game, the bugs are awful. If you or even a AI makes a trade and you decline or do anything the game will freeze this has happened 3 games in a row, before you charge someone for a game at least make it playable would wish for a refund unless they fix their game🤦🏻\u200d♂️'}, {'userName': 'JonBLodi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 21, 14, 24), 'title': 'Loved the EA Version', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'My daughter and I played the EA version for years. We loved all the sound effects and animations. We appreciated the wifi mode for multiplayer games.\n\nWhenever a connection was lost, we often were able to recover the game and continue, mostly if the host phone was still running the app.\n\nWith this current version, the chief and really unforgivable problem is that when one of our phones had an alarm or timer go off we lost that connection and the remaining player had an AI substituted with no obvious way for the original player to rejoin. Considering the time investment in playing a game of Monopoly, this is completely unacceptable.\n\nSorry, but this is a BIG step down from the EA version.\n\nRather than ask for my money back, I’m going to post this review, delete the app, and move on.'}, {'userName': 'Lumari21', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 15, 13, 36, 13), 'title': 'Amazing', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This is one of the most addicting game apps ive ever played! Great graphics! One thing i would like to suggest is to add a feature for player STATISTICS to keep track of winnings, loss, money earned , the number of games played. \n\nOr another thing would be to add overall global rankings/leaderboards.\n\nThis is the best game ever! Love!'}, {'userName': 'NeosIII', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 16, 34, 44), 'title': 'Extremely buggy', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493910, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:53:25Z'}, 'review': 'For a paid game the amount of bugs appearing is absurd. The game will glitch while trying to trade, while trying to mortgage. There is also no way to rejoin a game once you’re disconnected, and you will be disconnected for multiple reasons, such as glitches, or trying to check a text message during a session. This app is not made to work within the ecosystem it was built for and has numerous gaping issues that I experience from the get go. The Multiplayer experience is horrendous.'}, {'userName': 'SarahMcFadd3n', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 6, 35, 14), 'title': 'Bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494153, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. We are aware of a glitch with trading, and we believe it should be fixed in the most recent update (1.0.7). Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:08:19Z'}, 'review': 'This is an unfortunate let down. It has a lot of glitches. Freezes in the middle of a game. It won’t be my turn, but it says someone is considering my offer then they accept an offer I never made which makes me lose property. Also, the pieces aren’t counting correctly. My opponent might roll an 8, but the game piece moves 9 spaces. This was a $4 game. No $4 didn’t break my wallet, but most $.99 App Store games don’t have this many glitches. It’s aggravating. Fix it.'}, {'userName': 'kennedypaige24', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 7, 56, 20), 'title': 'Glitches Online', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12342097, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing connectivity problems and are working hard to fix them. You can expect an update soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.\r\n', 'modified': '2019-12-11T15:26:27Z'}, 'review': 'When playing by myself i never have issues and it’s nice to be able to leave and come back to the game. But when i play online with people i know sometimes the screen freezes and i have to exit the app. Because this happens and those games don’t save, the game has to stop midway.'}, {'userName': 'Cody A. Hendrix', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 1, 45, 49), 'title': 'Multiplayer actually multiplayer?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'The game has been great for me however when I play multiplayer I suspect that is is against a.i. Because when I close the app for a few minutes and then re open it during a online game it puts me back where I was when the app was closed as if it was never closed ???'}, {'userName': "Doc's Rx", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 11, 44, 22), 'title': 'Private Online Play With Friends Unplayable', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299168, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T17:43:19Z'}, 'review': 'bought this to play with friends in same room so we all used our own phones. Started 3 games and each game at some point when the board started to fill up the game would become unresponsive forcing us to try again. Disappointed because I used to own the monopoly here and now edition on the phone and that version played great. Not worth the money until the bugs get fixed'}, {'userName': 'Fat Cat HasBros', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 2, 48, 46), 'title': 'AI deciding Outcome. Game DESTROYED', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23987140, 'body': 'Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. ', 'modified': '2021-07-18T13:01:59Z'}, 'review': 'After you play a few games you find that mathematical impossibilities begin to kick in. The outcome of who wins the game is determined by the AI. If you build property, for example, repeatedly the game will make other players skip your properties. At one point I had half the board with hotels and only other player had Park Pace properties, the game went crazy skipping the players over all my properties to make me lose because I won the previous game. Oh that is one of the rules. You don’t win twice in a row.'}, {'userName': 'devices slid', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 5, 5, 2, 23), 'title': 'I like the game there is just two things', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The game is a grate game the only thing is that we should have a option if we don’t want to buy the property another thing is that how ever many wins you have you should get a new piece because I don’t like paying'}, {'userName': 'Dominick Stinton', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 22, 19, 45, 20), 'title': 'Great but one change!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22978539, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-05-24T13:35:49Z'}, 'review': 'Very fun game. Lots of times these phone adaptations don’t translate but this definitely does. The one thing though is the property transfer when bankrupt on ones property. This is extremely disproportionate for the other players and effectively ends the game. Properties should be sold to the bank and all money given to the land owner.'}, {'userName': 'victormonopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 14, 18, 34, 54), 'title': 'Nice waste time to', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'It’s a nice game to play, designed well, intuitive and well paced. However, I’m certain the dice rolling isn’t random when the stakes are high. Changing the difficulty of the other avatars just makes them impossible to trade with. They won’t pay up for the intrinsic value of a property but expect you to pay out the nose. When I played a live online game, they were bots.'}, {'userName': 'SMG1418', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 7, 20, 45, 45), 'title': 'Connection or Bug?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’m playing on an iPhone 12 Pro Max and I’ve started a couple games with my siblings and about 30 minutes to an hour into the game my animation lags and I can’t end my turn, pretty much ends our game there and it stinks. Not sure if it’s my connection so now I’ll try and only play on WiFi. Was hoping you’d consider adding a timer for turns though.'}, {'userName': 'KoolAidX817', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 11, 18, 35, 38), 'title': 'Needs changes or updates instead of new tokens and boards', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Need to do something about how you roll dice a power meter or something like that other than game is fine just the dice rolling seems unfair and random makes the game kind of slow and people leave the game and give all their money and properties to someone else makes it a guaranteed win for them'}, {'userName': 'Reginald Falange', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 20, 40, 58), 'title': 'Not random at all', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Seems when playing against AI it heavily weighs in their favor.   The “random” rolls seem to always go right past any property that has hotels or not owned by the computer.  AI continually trying to make the same trade over and over is annoying also.  Find it funny how I can land on go to jail 5-6 times in a row but the computer can easily pass by  the spot and my properties.  Has potential to be a really fun game If the “randomness” was fixed.'}, {'userName': 'PalmIslandSands', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 23, 54, 8), 'title': 'Bugs and Glitches', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Well made app. The major issue is that sometimes the screen freezes when buying properties, or the “end turn” button becomes unresponsive. This makes it impossible to continue the game, and ruins it for everyone else. There should also be a comment option to point this out to others (ie: “glitch”)'}, {'userName': 'akshaysk4', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 13, 23, 17, 42), 'title': 'Always Rigs The Game Towards One Player', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game would be more fun if it didn’t rig the program to favor one player over the rest. I’ve played multiple games and I’ve never seen that amount of luck in any real game of monopoly I’ve played in the past. It’s not surprising because that’s what usually happens on game apps (for example Zynga Poker), but seriously how hard is it to just set your program up to be actually randomized instead of doing it this way? I’m sure more people would have fun that way.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 13, 6, 59, 5), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Please add time limit!!', 'review': 'Sometimes in online multiplayer someone will walk away from their screen, stoping the whole game, forcing most of the players to quit!! A simple time limit would be much appreciated!!\nBesides that this game is awesome and is build really well, a must buy!! Totally worth it!!', 'userName': 'Jedme2'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 4, 7, 6, 51), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312850, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our Monopoly app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r\n\r\nIf you have more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:22:42Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Serious bugs', 'review': 'The game is fun but it has serious problems that are extremely aggravating. The avatars are small and hard to see so it’s hard to plan a move. Sometimes the avatars completely disappear out of the screen. \n\nThe worse part is when the game crashes and you’re locked out and not able to get back in. I was playing with friends for over 2 hours and the app crashed on one of my friends phone and she wasn’t able to come back.', 'userName': 'Wilitonjr'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 2, 40, 4), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Freezes, and we pay good money for it.', 'review': 'The game will freeze for 1-5 minutes, a good 40 minutes into the game.... sometimes it won’t unfreeze. You can’t check the time or ANYTHING while playing or it will 95% of the time freeze on you. \n\nFor a PAID app it should work better. \n\nIt is fun though, but it’s really frustrating when your finally getting into the game (bartering, building houses and hotels) then it freezes and won’t unfreeze.', 'userName': 'Disappointedtrainer19'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 16, 41, 42), 'developerResponse': {'id': 15306546, 'body': "Thank you for your review! We really appreciate your feedback as it helps us improve. Don't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com if you have any suggestions or even concerns about Monopoly, and our team will happily get back to you. \n", 'modified': '2020-05-14T00:53:53Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Download now it’s worth it', 'review': 'I give it a four instead of a five because there is some stuff that really I think does not need to be there but really the game it self is fantastic if I could I would of gave it a four and a half but I can’t so what are you waiting for download the game it’s worth spending 4$ on this game so yeh download it now 🙂', 'userName': 'ddaannyy bbooyy'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 3, 2, 0, 31), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The GAME IS RIGGED!!!', 'review': 'The winner is predetermined! Nearly impossible to land on your 3rd piece of property if needed. You can have all the house on a property and the game just won’t let nobody land on it. The odds are constantly changing and there are some properties nobody will not be allowed to land on all game. The luxury tax and income tax are landed on more than any other spot in the game. Do not rely on GO to come up with $200 because the game will find ways to take it. The game will randomly choose someone to go to jail like 6 or 7 times in a row. The game is not random.', 'userName': 'jvjfhfydu'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 1, 6, 1, 38), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Issues', 'review': 'It is a fun game. Everyone knows what monopoly is so I am here to talk about the issues. First, people have way to long to decide what they want to do. I sat for ten mins one time waiting for someone to make a move until I decided to quit because it was never going to end. Secondly, if someone quits, don’t make us sit there forever. Keep the game moving. Fix those issues and it is a 5 star game.', 'userName': 'Bbblloihfd'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 18, 46, 33), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Glitchy but fun', 'review': 'I especially enjoy the speed  version but maybe one time in four I the game stops working in the middle.  Also there are glitches like where the tag identifying who owns what property doesn’t show and you can’t tell that someone owns something and they have a monopoly without it showing up on the board.  Seems a bit like a beta version right now (April 2020)', 'userName': 'EarthMoonMars'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 7, 2, 53), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Don’t waste your money App always cuts out mid game', 'review': 'Two games in a row the app failed mid game. Have not been able to complete one game in its entirety because the app fails and then neither player can connect to the game. Both my husband and I bought the app and it did the same for both of us. So lame. Not worth spending hours playing a game for the app to fail before you can finish it', 'userName': 'Verrrrry frustrated user'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 2, 5, 44), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'PLEASE DON’T BUY! Bugs and doesn’t work', 'review': 'Three of my friends and I downloaded this to play together. All of us have experienced issues. Every single game the app freezes for one of us and we can’t continue playing. You can’t log back into a game when you exit the app or it freezes, so that means 3+ hours for nothing. We haven’t successfully finished ONE GAME since spending $4 on this mess. Please don’t download this app. It’s a waste. I hope they fix it, but for now, spend your money on a different game.', 'userName': 'Flooparoo'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 1, 19, 43), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'New update has a glitch', 'review': 'Just played for the first time since the new update  and found a glitch.  If you own St Charles, Virginia, and States and you attempt to buy houses, the slide out covers the properties and you can barely select them.  You will spend countless frustrating minutes sliding the “buy” button in and out as you try to hit the millimeter of property showing that will actually register your purchase.  Unbelievably frustrating!', 'userName': 'BradyB66'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 1, 42, 34), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Sheer Disappointment', 'review': 'What better to do than to play a game of monopoly with your friends during quarantine? Wrong! This app. is complete trash! We tried to play a full game of monopoly not once, not twice, but three times! The Hasbro app froze mid-game each time and we weren’t able to make any more moves. Not only did we waste our money $3.99 each, but we wasted our efforts and valuable time. Save yourself the stress and disappointment with this app. and bring your money elsewhere! I’d give this 0 stars if I could.', 'userName': 'Insta22122'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 26, 3, 44, 36), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Dice rolls and chance/community chest cards are not Random', 'review': 'I love the game of Monopoly the but the dice rolls and cards drawn from decks don’t appear to be random.  Like other reviewers have mentioned, either the entire game is going in your favor (you never land on opponents’ properties, they always land on yours)  or in complete opposition to your favor (vice versa).\n\nIt’s also highly predictable when you or an opponent will get sent to jail based on your account level and where properties are positioned on the board.  Again, not random!!\n\nThe game play is a bit long, especially AI turns; we dont need to see every little action.\n\nI haven’t encountered really any bugs or glitches, just that I can’t enjoy a good ol’ fashion random game.', 'userName': 'wishiwassailing'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 11, 15, 25), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'PLEASE GIVE ME A REFUND.', 'review': 'Before letting me purchase, the Developer should have been informed that the game will fix its city by current location. I am on holiday in Asia, does this mean I want to be stuck playing Malaysia monopoly until I go home? NO. Game dev, YOU SHOULD HAVE LET US CHOOSE OUR HOME CITY WHEN WE PURCHASED. And now you want to charge me to change my city. I downloaded this game from with a US Apple Store account and expected that I can play a US city where I actually live! Not play a city where the locations and words are strange and have no connection to me.', 'userName': 'Rachoolah'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 22, 23, 4), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Decent', 'review': 'Great game, well worth the price and fun to play. However some fixes are needed. For example, in certain situations the game can crash which can be devastating when in the middle of a Monopoly game. In single player its not too bad, because you can resume a game, but not in Multiplayer or online. I hope the developers can fix this. 4/5', 'userName': 'MovieAce'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 1, 2, 50, 44), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'App freezes so you aren’t able to finish a game.', 'review': 'We LOVE playing this game, but in the multiplayer mode and online with friends mode it is constantly freezing in the middle of a game so that we can’t even finish a game. Considering we paid for this app, I would like to be able to complete an entire game of Monopoly without having to quit the game because it’s frozen. Very frustrating.', 'userName': 'hscontreras'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 24, 14, 6, 51), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Need more updates....', 'review': 'Wish there was a way to keep track of my winnings. Game also freezes a lot that it is annoying. You can be playing a good game and the all of a sudden it freezes or like they pop up stuff will stay on the screen. I play this game almost everyday and I just wish there we could keep track of scoring and maybe a tournament.....', 'userName': 'Jhsrv420'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 21, 5, 33, 12), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very Buggy', 'review': 'The game is really fun but it frequently gets stuck and forces you to close the match. If you minimize the app in an online game, you get disconnected. You can’t even take a phone call while playing or else you get kicked out of the room. My friend had his low battery notification pop up and it disconnected him from our game. Very bad. You cannot be expected to have the app open the entire time during a 2 hour game.', 'userName': 'Lightning_Scarlet'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 2, 39, 29), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'New Sounds are Awful', 'review': 'I love this game and have been playing it multiple times a day since I bought it... but today, the sounds changed and there is this super annoying ding that happens at the end of every single players action. It’s like a frigging bell is dinging nonstop. I know I can turn down the sounds, but I enjoyed the other ambient sounds the game made. I hope they change this mode ASAP!', 'userName': 'WendyfromWI'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 19, 5), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Wonderful, until it crashes', 'review': 'This Application was wonderful and easy to play. Until it crashes and you cant restore your game. Started 2 games with a friend and crashed both times within 5 minutes of starting.', 'userName': 'tgmassey08'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 7, 3, 33), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Painfully Obvious', 'review': 'It’s a decent game, but game after game it’s just too obvious that the dye are programmed against the human player when playing single player. I’ve witnessed too many moments of the AI rolling the absolute perfect roll but yet the human player continuously lands on owned properties roll after roll, and game after game. It may be random at first, but for it to happen consistently in every single game, it needs to be looked in to.', 'userName': "What's an update?"}, {'title': 'Please Add Rejoin Feature', 'review': 'Who doesn’t love a classic board game and this will fulfill your game needs. The only thing that makes me give this game a 4 star is when, you close the game you can’t rejoin a game you we playing. That’s my only complaint otherwise a 5 star game. Keep up the good work.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 31, 22, 17, 28), 'userName': 'Applethecool', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Took my money', 'review': 'I Literally bought New York board for me to play I’ve played that board ever since and then I signed in today and pressed restore purchases but still only shows I have the original board. I like this game but I’m very very unhappy with this please fix!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 2, 12, 7), 'userName': 'D3monix', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great game would be 5 but..', 'review': 'If you buy this, you will have to have patience. It freezes during pivotal moments of the game and that was the complaint I read before buying. I told many others and they decided not to buy because of that complaint. Developers should be working to get that fixed or they will never reach full compacity of what this game could be.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 19, 34, 18), 'userName': 'Ben judah', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Reskinned', 'review': 'This is a reskin of one of their old monopoly apps which I still have on my phone minus the online multiplayer. This versions AI, card draws and dice rolls acts the same. Another reviewer talked about how if you roll 2 doubles you’re probably going to roll a 3rd; previous version had the same issue. It’s a good experience for single player but too many drop out in multiplayer. The old monopoly app is better overall it just needed online multiplayer added.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 4, 15, 22), 'userName': 'Hallelujah666', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Good but buggy', 'review': 'The game is good albeit a little slower than it needs to be. The old monopoly here and now game was much much better. Also weird things happen such as all of\nA Sudden you cannot buy houses for a particular property even though you have all of them and plenty of money.  Same as trades. Sometimes it doesn’t Allow you to make trades for a pArticular property. Also it locks up', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 14, 14, 3), 'userName': 'Tpz4sheezy', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Don’t waste your time/money', 'review': 'It took me roughly 20 minutes to try and find a game, there is no functional lobby system, just a waiting screen. I finally managed to get into a game, and it froze 20 minutes into the game. Upon restarting the app, there is no way to rejoin an in progress game. After reading through previous reviews, this is an ongoing issue with the game.\n\nI’m contacting Apple for a refund. It’s outrageous that this is a paid game. Don’t waste your time/money. Until they fix these issues, the game is unplayable.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 13, 9, 7), 'userName': 'puggini', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fix the AIs', 'review': 'I love monopoly and I was super excited when the game came out. But after trying to play for a few days I no longer enjoy it. The AI is always way to powerful. I play against easy and even if I own more than half the board the AI never lands on my spaces and always gets money from the chance and community chest. It’s every game that this happens and has made it so I don’t enjoy playing anymore.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 15, 4, 59), 'userName': 'AnnaMaxk', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23609904, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to improve Monopoly's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you and d apologies for any trouble you might have had with the game! ", 'modified': '2021-06-27T13:05:10Z'}, 'title': 'Game glitching', 'review': 'It’s a great game, but sometimes it’ll tend to crash/break and I can’t end my turn, which basically ruins the whole game and it’s stuck on my turn even if I left the game. I hope there is an update and a bug fix sooner than later.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 24, 14, 20, 49), 'userName': '🔥🦄🎉🎊😱', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Money money', 'review': 'When it comes to learning about assets, how to look into other opponents dice rolls, this game can be fun. It takes a while to play, but I personally think this a good way to learn more about financial literacy. What do you think? Well, not literally, but something like that. Like “Assets”', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 7, 15, 11, 29), 'userName': 'ObliviousUser', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18632439, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-22T04:55:34Z'}, 'title': 'Chat should be updated', 'review': 'The game is fun. No complaints. I just think they should update the chat to be able to type to other players (censoring curse words of course). And mute chat while there is a negotiation on the board so players don’t get to say “No!” to a trade they don’t agree with.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 19, 0, 38, 27), 'userName': 'Rene0317', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Dice rolls are a little off', 'review': 'This is a great fun game to play with friends and it feels like I’m playing on a real board however my only problem is when rolling sometimes there are errors with landing on the right property and for that I give it a 4 out of 5. But it’s still enjoyable and entertaining to play. I definitely recommend.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 15, 6, 10, 15), 'userName': 'Leonie0819', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Probably distribution is not correct', 'review': 'The game does not seem to follow correct dice probability distributions. It seems to have equal probability for the outcomes 2 thru 12 rather than having the middle numbers come up more often as in a normal distribution. It also feels that the difficulty alters the probability of dice rather than make the AI smarter but it could just be a statistical anomaly of 15 straight games with bad luck.\n\nThe game can also use a 2x, 3x speed up option', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 23, 54, 4), 'userName': 'Sam11111112111', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great Game and Great Family Fun', 'review': 'I love Monopoly...now I can play with friends and family no matter where I am.  Whether I am playing Classic or Quick mode, the game goes so much faster than when you play IRL on the board itself.  \n\nThe only negative that I have is that when it comes to mortgaging the properties, the game tells you what to mortgage.  I wish that the game would allow me to choose how I wanted to increase my cashflow (although I do understand the computers logic).  \n\nI also wish there was an actual login so that way I could play using the same login name on multiple devices.  \n\nOverall, very happy with this game 🤩!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 17, 20, 54, 28), 'userName': 'SexieintheCity', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Online Muti-player improvements', 'review': 'Thanks for the updates! Online multiplayer is definitely smoother! I also love the chat option — it was much needed! However — we should also be able to type our own responses!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 3, 5, 11, 58), 'userName': 'STorres0307', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Request to add a save feature', 'review': 'I love this game, as not only it shows the power of real estate and teaches you about money but it is also addicting to play.\n\nI request that yo the developers to add a save game feature in the single player mode, so we can save some of our favorite game session', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 5, 55, 21), 'userName': 'Redeemer11334', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Nice but needs some working', 'review': 'I love playing the classic mode. But any slight error with the connection leads in the game stopping. This happened to me twice, where it took me ages to buy properties and when I was winning I got a connection problem and it failed to reconnect me back. Reconnecting should not be an issue especially because I spent most of my time playing and building up progress.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 28, 3, 12, 29), 'userName': 'Bothayna123', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Monopoly game play', 'review': 'The game is perfect but you guys have to do an update and fix the issue that disables you from rejoining an online game with friends when you leave. When I press the home screen to check text messages really fast, it doesn’t allow me to rejoin the game I already had in session with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 27, 5, 12, 37), 'userName': 'Shark Marc', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Doesn’t work, waste of money', 'review': 'If you play multiplayer online, you have to play the game all the way through in one sitting. If you attempt to leave the game it will close your game and lose that progress.\nAlso, if you are playing against the AI there is no way to speed up their turns. A serious retraction in my opinion.\nSeems like a monopoly game app should be the simplest thing on earth to make, and should also not cost any more than $1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 5, 41, 35), 'userName': 'Dan55675', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Game is rigged', 'review': 'There is no way this game is not rigged to make you lose. I don’t know if they want it to be pay to win where you must buy the season pass to get a decent shot at winning. The ai never seems to land on my monopolies, but I cannot avoid their monopolies. It starts off fair but gets very rigged very quickly. This app has so much potential, but the AI is broken. I hope they don’t, but I could see the developers making this a pay to win type game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 4, 46, 8), 'userName': 'picklejake', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Very disappointed', 'review': 'If you don’t care about buggy gameplay, and having every thing behind a paywall then this may be the app for you but even that might be generous. I’ve played a few versions of monopoly and this one is missing some of the best features from their previous iterations. And they sacrificed quality and functionality for graphics thatarent very impressive. Over all I’d say the only reason to get this is to play by yourself, and if that’s why go for a different older monopoly app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 2, 11, 55, 16), 'userName': 'disapointed14634', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12427024, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes in online modes, and we are working hard to fix the problem. We are also aware of the AI trading issue, which should be resolved in the next update. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-16T17:32:58Z'}, 'userName': 'Lord6ix', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Its great app but...', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The app keeps crashing. I was only able to get one (1) full game completed out of six (6) games. I’m going to hold off on playing for now.\n\nI wish they would allow you to block trading for a moment, the computer will spam you on the same trade.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 15, 15, 7)}, {'userName': 'JonIMason', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Do Not Buy', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'While the game has great animations, the online multiplayer is a significant issue that should have held up this game from release. Be prepared for 75% of the games you play online to fail because of freezing/non-responsiveness. The issue is widely reported but doesn’t seem to create a sense of urgency for the developer to fix. They should fix the issue and give all current paid owners the season pass for free considering the hours we’ve all lost to playing games we couldn’t successfully complete.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 1, 58, 7)}, {'userName': 'singh6777', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Rigged Artificial Intelligence', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Obvisouly there is an AI system in the game, that completely controls the dice rolls. After one person is able to earn a complete color set, the rigged AI system will take charge of the game and prevent other players from landing on that set. It is plain obvious and disgusting to charge people money for a compelety AI controlled game. AI will stay i  controll until the other players are also able to earn color sets and completely ruin the game for the person, who has dilgently played the game. Please take out the annoying AI.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 23, 6, 26)}, {'userName': 'towlie4you', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Constant Freezing', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I’ve played 10 games over holiday break, and successfully finished 2. Freezes occur when anything complex happens in game.  The responsible thing would be to take this app off the market until the freezing issues are fixed. I’ve never seen anything like this level of glitches in an app purchase.  A real shame because the game experience is really terrific when it works.  Updates are mandatory guys.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 28, 19, 33, 29)}, {'userName': 'anonymous13246587', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Feature suggestions', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’m enjoying this app so far but I think there’s a lot of really simple features that could be added. \n\nTwo I have particular interest in apply to single player mode. \n\n1) Ability to speed up AI turns, getting back to your turn quicker. Animations are very clean and cool, but they aren’t necessary and tack on a lot of time.\n\n2) Ability to disable and re-enable trade requests within games. So many games I will get the same offers from AI every single turn that I always have to deny, which really slows down the game. \n\nThe game is solid, but there’s a lot of features that could be added and I’m hoping they will be over time, as I realize the app is very new.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 0, 27)}, {'userName': 'matthewmcid', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love game ........  BUGS', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'As usual.  A dev pushed to release a game that is unfinished.  I can understand not having much content like different versions yet.  I expect that to grow.   But for a paid app that can’t finish a game because it crashes all the time.  This is a violation of the trust the consumer has to be able to play a game he paid for.   I can look past bugs that cause the money to not show right.   That can be worked out.  But seriously.  Crashing before a game can be finished.  What’s even the point.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 22, 31, 6)}, {'userName': 'waitedforthisgame:(', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Potential to be amazing', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I have waited years for this.  Can’t wait to give this app a 5 star review but for now. Nah.\n\n1)You cannot chat with other players\n2)if you answer a personal text or something your game disconnects. (Should just give players a timer if they are scared of stalling) \n3)I sometimes wonder just how random the dice is but maybe I’m just being paranoid.  I’d pay more for a full featured but free game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 3, 48, 59)}, {'userName': 'Stallion83637', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun!!!!', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Great game, multiplayer always has matches. Only complaint would be you can’t view your properties or spaces while it’s someone else’s turn. Be nice to have something to do while people are contemplating trades and not take up that time on your own turn', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 2, 21, 57, 27)}, {'userName': 'Yoshi.Onimusha', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game but..', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'u should hire me for this advice but i’ll give it for free\n\n2 main problems in the game\n1.  bots who give insane trade offers. i get it that when someone leaves, a bot has to take over, but you can always improve the mechanics. once one bot pops up it ruins the entire game and it becomes a race to see who can abuse the bots first or who gets lucky with a bad bot offer\n2. people throwing games if someone doesn’t trade with him or her, or just for revenge, in order to spite someone else\n\nthere’s an easy way to fix these problems, ranked mode and casual. punishment for game throwers in ranked. 5 stars when it gets better!\n\n2 stars for now since it’s still a fun game.\n\nthere’s still WAY more you can do but you can’t expect me to work for free, luls', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 4, 57, 5)}, {'userName': 'Bitt just Bitt', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cluttered, busy and noisy', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Too much over-busy animation just for the sake of animation. So much so that it’s distracting enough to make playing the game unpleasant. The EA version had this problem too, but not to this degree. Would be better to have an option in settings that turns off the silly eye candy and allows the game to look and play just like it does from the box in real life. There was a freeware Mac version of the game 30+ years ago that provided better gameplay on ancient hardware.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 15, 17, 7, 39)}, {'userName': 'piya2288', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'There’s lot of room for improvement', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Some times players take too long to roll the dice. There should be number of turns before they can be thrown out of the game. So, it’s not a hassle for other players. The chat box should have more options. With the limited options there’s no room to discuss deals. There should a bankrupt card like the original game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 3, 19, 53, 43)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20551017, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:09:09Z'}, 'userName': 'ilovegreysanatomyalot', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing but could use tweaks', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Great game, we enjoy it very much, awesome couple game. My only suggestions would be to make it easier for two friends to play with random real people, and if someone becomes bankrupt.. don’t automatically end the game and give assets to random person, other than that, I enjoy the game a lot', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 19, 4, 42, 30)}, {'userName': 'Cheeseeatermanletsgo', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Please install timer!!!', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'If someone goes afk or just leaves the game, it gets stuck and the game is pretty much over because no one else can make a move. Please put a 30 second timer or something for each move and if the player doesn’t move then kick them out after 2 turns', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 10, 5, 11, 38)}, {'userName': 'zasuhbn623', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Online with Friends Function not even working', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Good visuals and overall appearance. However, the ‘Play online with friends’ function never worked and kept telling me and my friend that we have ‘connection problems’ while we were connecting perfectly to the internet and not experiencing networking issue at all. Very disappointed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 16, 2, 13, 2)}, {'userName': 'clocky2020', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but please fix the bugs!', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I really like this game but there are some serious bugs. I have had the game glitch out and not continue after my turn on numerous occasions (especially frustrating when you’re winning...). Additionally, if you get a phone call or any notification, the game says “reconnecting” which almost always fails to reconnect you to your game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 25, 5, 26, 10)}, {'userName': 'Brinkys53', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many crashes!', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I love playing monopoly, but this app is very frustrating. I’ll be into a game, finally building houses, and then the app randomly closes. If I click on the app, it goes to the home screen—game completely lost. For a paid app, this is unacceptable. This doesn’t happen with other games I play, and it doesn’t seem to matter if I’m on WiFi or cell data. It happens so frequently that I’ve given up playing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 14, 33, 12)}, {'userName': 'Mr, Melo 79', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'So slow and unfair.', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The game play is way to slow and any player can stall the game. Some days the game just won’t allow you to win every roll it’s either you’re paying someone or you paying the game. THIS GOES ON FOR GAME AFTER GAME! It needs help especially for a game as expensive as this one. Don’t let me check a text or get a call. If that happens I’m pretty much locked out until the next round or two!!!!!. To many glitches.!!!!! I took a screenshot it’s been frozen for 27 minutes and counting 😤', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 11, 5, 27, 39)}, {'userName': 'NottttWoRthIttt', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cheats for the AI', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I love playing this with friends but when I’m alone and want to relax and play, I find that the game constantly makes the scenarios better for the AI. Even when buying property and it shows you how many times players have landed on each space. The ratio is lacking balance and it honestly makes me regret spending money on this game. I’m going to walk away for it for a few months and we’ll see if anything changes.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 11, 11, 27, 1)}, {'userName': 'Taylor D-G', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Generator broken', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Absolute worst generator. The “dice” had me land on my A.I. opponent’s doubly owned utility every single round of a game. Every. Single. Round. No exception. I couldn’t believe it. This game is either rigged or it is completely broken. Either way: unusable and I want a refund. Also WHY am I paying more for pieces???? If I buy a box of monopoly in the store and find out I have to buy the pieces snd board separately, guess what?? IT’S NOT A BOARD GAME. This app is a money grab and a waste of time. I demand a refund. Not at all what was expected. Completely unusable. A scam.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 11, 11, 11, 54)}, {'userName': 'thejar', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'DO NOT BUY - really bad bugs', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Sometimes the game will let you mortgage and unmortgage sometimes it doesn’t. Sometimes it will let you make trade offers and sometimes it doesn’t. Sometimes it will let you manage your properties after a trade and sometimes well it just decides for you. Sometimes it will claim that a bankrupt player is trying to make a trade offer even though they are out of the game. In general online game play is buggier than trying to run Windows apps on an iPhone…', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 3, 26, 16)}, {'review': 'I like that you can play with friend and computers and that it is a whole lot faster when you play the online version instead of the normal. And I like how you can set the computer’s difficulty. But I wish it didn’t cost anything.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love this game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 26, 16, 0, 27), 'userName': 'the monopoly king', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Such a fun game to play with family that live in different cities/states. Even to play with computer. \n\nThe newest update however, constantly freezes in the middle of games. Of course this will cause everyone to have to quit the game & start over again.. which we alllll know Monoply can be a lengthy game. So, not very fun to have to constantly keep doing.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but Freezes Constantly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 4, 46, 57), 'userName': 'Tori06220121', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'There should be a strict timer when playing online with others. I’ve experienced people locking the game because they can’t get anyone to trade with them. They’re hoping that other players leave to have their properties auctioned.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Timer Suggestion', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 23, 18, 9), 'userName': 'Cjcontime', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'First of ,I love the game and it’s fun to play but it needs work. Would be nice if a chat is added or where you can talk to other players. Also when you move the screen or leave the page , the game gets stuck and it stay saying rejoining wait til next turn and the whole game it’s lost', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Needs fixing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 8, 8, 17), 'userName': 'LuiEchev', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'It’s such an amazing game but the freeze is crazy. I had 10 restarting game online multiplayer because it was frozen and couldn’t do anything for 30 mins straight. I had to restart every time. This online problem has been continuous please fix!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 5, 22, 42), 'userName': 'DemonicLordX', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12293045, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. \n\nWe are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing connectivity problems and are working hard to fix them. You can expect an update soon! \n\nOnce again, our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-09T12:35:18Z'}}, {'review': 'Great purchase, just like the board game... Would really like to have a profile, with points that you could earn. Kind of like spades, the way it is right now, would probably get boring after while. The same player interaction as Scrabble where you can see win streaks and percentage', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Needs some updates', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 19, 19, 50, 43), 'userName': 'chefcy 15', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I’ve gotten through maybe 2 full games out of 17 attempted games. In the middle of the game, it will often freeze or disconnect you or another player. Sometimes (very few) it’ll let you rejoin after a turn but most times, you just have to quit the game. I’ve wasted HOURS playing games and then having to quit. When you do get to play a full game, it’s super fun, but again, that’s only happened twice for me.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Disconnects EVERY time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 3, 49, 56), 'userName': 'Autumn Y', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Playing against the AI is a guaranteed loss, because the roll is ALWAYS in their favor. They ALWAYS get a reward or avoid jail. And ALWAYS roll a double! Meanwhile, I consistently land in jail, on their property, RARELY roll a double, and will be the FIRST to receive a punishment. What’s the point of playing when the game is clearly skewed in the AI’s favor on EASY???\n\nI wouldn’t complain if this app was free, but for $3.99 this issue needs to be fixed. And why can’t the games be saved???', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The AI needs Major Tweaking', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 8, 25, 11), 'userName': 'heyboothang', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I love this, my sister and I have been playing sooo much since we downloaded it (helps us be connected while having to stay isolated during this corona virus garbage) but it would be so much nicer if we could communicate in the game, and the ability to pause and come back to a game later!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'So fun! Needs chat/pause though', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 17, 28, 11), 'userName': 'JenMarie85', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'The game is fun especially that you can play online with friends/family. There are 2 things that I dislike, 1 the game freezes or disconnects you and 2 it needs a chat area so when can speak to our friends online. We have to group text and it disconnects us and the computer takes over your play 😒.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s fun but freezes and a need chat area', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 0, 51, 57), 'userName': 'Rose1116', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I recently received an update to the game but the update has a flaw.  The options to the right of the screen have been enlarged and then I go to add houses to the property State street I have difficulty because when the option is opened it block the property.  Please fix this soon.\nI like the game and give it a high rating the the change as caused a problem.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Need fixing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 21, 11, 42), 'userName': 'This is the last name', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I received a phone call, which caused my Monopoly game to reset.  I was unable to rejoin the game my family and apparently the AI took over and played for me (buying hotels I didn’t want, rolling dice, etc.).  There was no way to rejoin the game.  Essentially, if your app has to restart for any reason, you are booted from the game with no chance of rejoining.  It seems very unreasonable to be unable to use your device for any other purpose for the entirety of the game, lest you risk being unable rejoin the game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Unable to reconnect????', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 17, 19, 59), 'userName': 'Riptov', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I have only won on game so far but from my experience I think it is a long sometimes difficult thinking type of game and I think you should get a prize everytime you win and the people that lose at least get a small benefit in the next game maybe go first or $50 extra cash! 🙂', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Monopoly game review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 22, 16, 5), 'userName': '#fonts so cool', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Playing online with a friend? Don’t accidentally click a notification or swipe up to temporarily make the app go into the background! 99% of the time, if I accidentally leave the game for a split second (not closing the app completely, just hitting a notification), resining the game with a friend DOES NOT WORK. I don’t see how this app has such good ratings. There should be an option to resume a game with a friend or do a turn-based type game. It’s ridiculous. Get it together, Hasbro.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'No progress save, no way to resume', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 4, 18, 6), 'userName': 'Minnonikki', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'The game freezes almost every time. The first rejected trade offer freezes the game. EVERY TIME. The house rules aren’t even actual monopoly rules. This is the most awful excuse for a monopoly game i’ve ever come across. The developers should be ashamed of themselves. Charging $4 for a game that isn’t even what you think you are buying. Theres no turn timer, or at least if there is, the game freezes once the turn timer is over instead of changing players. It is a bad bad game. I love monopoly, but this is not it. BAD.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'DO NOT BUY THIS GAME', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 24, 6, 59, 42), 'userName': 'doman220', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Game is great but when playing in the pass and play mode which allows more then one player to play on one device, the game kinda glitches and doesn’t allow one of the players to make trades which is a pretty big problem. In addition the game could be improved by letting players choose what they want to mortgage rather then the game forcing you to mortgage certain properties.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great but some issues need to be fixed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 1, 55, 24), 'userName': 'Reviewbrah556', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Monopoly is my favorite board game. This is my first time playing Monopoly as a video game. I can’t wait to unlock all of the extra boards. This is my first iPad game purchase. Lastly I was thinking about getting a video game system like PlayStation or Xbox but game this game will do😀🤷🏾\u200d♂️', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Looking forward to this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 16, 11, 18, 33), 'userName': 'HS senior louge', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'The Game is Great! But Every few games or so it freezes and no matter how many times I restart the app or my phone it continues to roll the turn again. Then freeze progress upon landing. Which is odd because the scenery in the background still moves. The next turn just never happens', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game Freezing 35minutes In', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 12, 32, 40), 'userName': 'Lord Maal', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'When I started playing this game I noticed if you waste time to play it will count 1to3 then it either plays for you or give turn to another player but recently I noticed that it has stopped doing that when a player waste time to play it does nothing like everything seizes I’ve deleted it twice downloaded it twice yet still the same thing please fix it if it’s a bug or whatever…this started again', 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Hangs automatically', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 21, 13, 44), 'userName': 'heir;;;', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23547592, 'body': 'Hi! A timer is already implemented to avoid players holding up the match indefinitely. The issue seems to be a general disconnection, being caused by the heavy traffic load that our multiplayer servers are receiving. We are on it and will release updates until the game works as intended for everyone. Apologies for the issue and if you encounter any other problems please feel free to reach out at help@marmalademail.com for direct assistance. ', 'modified': '2021-06-23T15:04:04Z'}}, {'review': 'Some odd reason when you start a game off for a custom game I get the second highest roll and it still puts me in last place please fix this because it happens way to much ecspecially when I’m playing a custom game or any game mode honestly!!!:)', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Please read:))))', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 20, 10, 46, 5), 'userName': 'juancartel', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'This game is super addictive and can be extremely rewarding but I do have to say that the computer cheats like crazy when the difficulty is set to hard! It’s very maddening to have the computer cheating and getting all the right dice rolls it needs to win!! Almost made me smash my iPad! Lol!', 'userName': 'Screwyou8d2asface!', 'title': 'Awesome!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 31, 10, 7, 29), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I find it rather funny how all these other players always roll doubles... sometimes 3 times!?! That’s not normal unless you’re cheating. Also I always have to pay a lot in taxes while others just get $100 or $200. After playing a few times now, the T. Rex player, which is fake in multiplayer mode btw, always wins and is the most successful. If you are the last two players left, he always wins everything and you pretty much lose real quick after that.', 'userName': 'Lionboy1990', 'title': 'Scam', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 15, 45, 18), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is very fun to play, but it has too many in app purchases. I think that some items should use in game currency to make the game for fun for everyone. For example, based off of each game win, you should get in game currency to use to get new characters or maps. This would make the game more addicting and more fun. Currently, there is no reward for winning.', 'userName': 'Eggincplayer27', 'title': 'Update!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19820045, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your feedback! Those purchases are completely optional and all purely cosmetic and do not affect game-play in any way, but your feedback is greatly appreciated and your concerns about the pricing will be shared with the team.\r If you have any more questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\n', 'modified': '2020-12-17T04:33:17Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 11, 22, 41, 48), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I want to love this game so much, but there are so many issues. The chance and community cards need work, they will literally hand out the same card over and over again, need a better selection. I played over 10 games in a row where I never landed on any property or I am in jail three or more times in a row. It’s just so wishy washy. Sometimes I question if I am even playing real people.  \n\nMany of the games that I do get a head start in just crash, where the entire screen just freezes up and you can’t do anything.  \n\nYou need a way to make reports so if something goes wrong, you are able to log it and notify developers. \n\nThis is a game/app that I had to purchase to play, so, in return, I should either be refunded or be able to play the app.', 'userName': 'lima12', 'title': 'Game keeps crashing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 1, 3, 20, 51), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The app is great but why limit it to four players? We have a family of five and that makes it really annoying—automatically rules it out for family game night unless someone teams up. The board game can be played with  much more than 4 so please adjust the app. \nThis would have been a five star rating otherwise', 'userName': 'MystifiedDad', 'title': 'Only four players?? Why???', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17766190, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our Monopoly game with your family. I´ve shared your idea to add more players with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. If you have more ideas, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com, as we often implement the most requested features. ', 'modified': '2020-09-08T20:53:27Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 6, 22, 49, 28), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Download this for my son, and we end up playing it together every day. We’re getting friends and family together over the Internet. Great for these times when we have to stay socially distant.\nThank you for making this!', 'userName': 'jstobar', 'title': 'I love this game...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 8, 7, 35, 9), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Love the game, but im tired playing against people as if im playing with robots. Can we get a group chat, where we can actual communicate with others or even add or replay them..and some more funny short mgses..like LUCKY, LOL ETC.. add little features like these so the game can become a masterpiece', 'userName': 'Celeb unruly', 'title': 'Chat', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 21, 17, 21), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game plays and looks like the real thing, it’s overall a good app but I’ve noticed when playing against computers the algorithm highly favors them and they hardly ever land on your properties and almost always on a chance/community chest etc instead. I’ve played a lot and this is a consistent pattern. Would be an easy fix in an update. Otherwise a great app', 'userName': 'sjp6151', 'title': 'fun but glitchy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 7, 21, 58, 9), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have tried playing 10+ games with other friends and this app doesn’t seem to work well for that. If you leave the room you are unable to get back in. Even if you have the room for it will tell you that the room doesn’t exist even though there are others still actively playing in the room. I would love for this to get fixed because it says it offers playing with friends but it truly doesn’t.', 'userName': 'Jessbabyyyyyyy', 'title': 'Can’t play with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 29, 21, 53, 5), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Very similar to the Xbox version (which I loved). This game has its own little spunk and it has some pretty awesome graphics. I’ve only made it through a couple games so far and I haven’t tried out the multi player option yet. However, so far I am loving it.', 'userName': 'RileyMarie1997', 'title': 'Awesome Throwback', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 5, 59, 42), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Ever since the most recent update our games constantly freeze up and we can’t do anything about it. It didn’t happen before the update but this has become a constant issue since your new changes. It’s extremely frustrating when this happens often but in the second half of the game. Please do something about this ASAP. I use to enjoy but it’s not worth the money when you can’t enjoy playing a full game anymore.', 'userName': 'kaseylynn3', 'title': 'Game Constantly Freezes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 22, 51, 17), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is great. I love monopoly. However, it the game will frequently error out in multiplayer (especially after trading), and not allow a player to end their turn. This results in a game being stalled indefinitely, and you being forced to quit. Also, the game will automatically play for you if you have been “disconnected”. This can be as minor as tabbing out of the app for 0.5 seconds. This is extremely frustrating, and very easy to remedy. Please fix the game.', 'userName': 'afro6head6banger6', 'title': 'Great Game, but Serious Multiplayer Bugs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 23, 21, 50), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Obviously monopoly is one of the best games but the app itself has too many bugs and the team doesn’t maintain it. The app crashes in the middle of games all the time, Chance and Comm. Chest cards repeat itself before the decks turnover. The so called ability to invite friends to play takes multiple tries before people can actually connect. Fix it guys, I’m sure you have plenty of money to do so and charge way too much for this app not to.', 'userName': 'iWanmore', 'title': 'Classic game but disappointing experience', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 12, 27, 12), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Love this game and thoroughly enjoy it everytime. But when playing it on iPad, clicking on adding a house button overlaps the magenta cards making it impossible to click on them to select them and build a house. It’s extremely frustrating to pay for an app and being unable to play it easily on the large screen. I’ve to compromise and play it on my iPhone’s tiny screen instead.', 'userName': 'AndyVady', 'title': 'Great game but unplayable on iPad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 18, 5, 36), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I received an update today or yesterday but every time I even open another app or tap a notification, I get kicked out of the game!  Not good and very disappointing since this isn’t even a free game. \n\nI’ve seen 2+ month old developer notes saying you were working on fixing this. What’s taking so long?  This is KILLING the online with friends experience. Please fix this ASAP!', 'userName': 'jonnylongfella', 'title': 'Got an update but still so buggy!  Ruining online experience!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 0, 43, 59), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s fun and ran nicely (I played with my 2 siblings online). It would be nice to be able to rotate the board to how you’re use to playing. Also an option to remove the extra stuff in the middle of the board and have it look like the original game board instead. Thanks!!! :)', 'userName': 'Mark o24245', 'title': 'Fun, feature request to rotate board', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 3, 39, 34), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "It's frustrating bc if I answer a text I have to wait like 30 seconds to get back in the game. Also, if you exit during a trade it makes you wait till next turn but you can't bc you're in the middle of a trade and then your game is frozen so you almost never finish a game bc of this. If they can fix this issue I'd give it a higher rating.", 'userName': 'bwats128', 'title': 'Fun game but needs fixing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 24, 21, 33, 29), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "1- if you accidentally back out the game it doesn't let you rejoin. A pop up notification came up on my screen and I accidentally clicked it while making a trade. The game let me back in where i can view the game but wouldn’t let me play as a AI took over my player.\n2- amongst friends there should be a chat option\n3- It froze then disconnected mid game multiple times, multiple days\n\nFor a $4.00 game these are simple kinks that should be fixed ASAP.", 'userName': 'ambamx3', 'title': 'This game needs some fixing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 2, 40, 43), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I played the earlier version and some features are gone.\nWe used to have an option where all properties were dealt at the beginning \nWe used to have an option, land on start, get $400\nIt used to be if someone went bankrupt, properties would be unsold on the board, not auctioned off\nCan there be a way to see the board when considering buying a new property?\nCan there be an option to not animate the turn by moving the piece but keeping the board flat while moving the piece?\nOverall, fun game but a bummer that earlier good features are gone and new annoying ones are there', 'userName': 'Sdsmiles', 'title': 'Fun but needs some changes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 8, 27, 31), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I believe the creators should refund everyone because the game absolutely does not function as of today January 27, 2020. About 75% of the time the game will lock during the turn of an AI player and you must abandon the game. If you close the app during a game you lose all progress. I’ve seen better game development by teenagers, this is an absolute disgrace and a great example of how big companies can get broken applications approved while smaller developers cannot. I want a refund.', 'userName': 'Poqer', 'title': 'Should refund players', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 16, 19, 7), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'itssromeoo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 1, 52, 59), 'title': 'Endless fun but seems to always crash or disconnect quickly', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493556, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:27:36Z'}, 'review': 'Love this game but every once in a while the game crashes. In addition if you read a notification or quick reply to a message you risk the game being disconnected so quickly .'}, {'userName': 'Mr.FluffyRB', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 22, 39, 21), 'title': 'Not too shabby', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'If this game was free to play, then I would give it a 4/5. But considering that it is a four dollar game, I feel as though there should have been more thought in player needs. \n\n1. Inability to rejoin ongoing game. \n     - You must restart an entire game losing hours of play time \n\n2. No in game saves to resume single player games. \n\n3. Game chat unavailable. I feel players should be able to communicate with other players during a game. this could be especially useful when trading or taking sides with a potential business partner. \n\nShould these problems become resolved. you will undoubtedly receive my 5/5. But, I highly doubt you’ll even see this comment soooo....'}, {'userName': 'appleclunk30', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 18, 50, 29), 'title': 'Really fun but has glitches', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'The game is lots of fun with computer players and with real people but have noticed that it glitches often by doubling someone’s payment (example: pay $50 for a railroad, takes $100 instead, or I’ve seen people get charged for rent when they land on a mortgaged property or for no reason at all).'}, {'userName': 'Amanda Tanai', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 2, 7, 27), 'title': 'Love this game but...', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'if you go to read a text or even SWIPE to read a text while keeping the app OPEN while playing online with friends it disconnects you. Just spent 1 hour + playing a game to swipe open a text and lose my entire game. Should also have push notifications. Would’ve never spent the $4 ($8 because I purchased it for my husband as well) if I knew it did this. Also wish they had an Apple TV app.'}, {'userName': 'Dragon991', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 16, 12, 53, 17), 'title': 'Good game, dumb players', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'It seems like a good game overall. But when you play online, players tend to make stupid deals that ruins the game. These stupid deals are usually results of shortsideness. I was there was a way to communicate to the other players are dumb they’re being.'}, {'userName': 'catonej', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 0, 41, 13), 'title': 'Monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I think a great update would be to have the pieces move faster around the board and the chance and chest cards stay on the screen longer to read the text with the option to X them or swipe out of them. but sometimes there is more txt and they disappear very quickly.'}, {'userName': 'ClarkeKA', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 7, 30, 43), 'title': 'Online Play Issues', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I was really excited about the online multiplayer option, but players are allowed to manage their properties for an infinite amount of time. No one gets kicked for inactivity, so games can just stall out with no conclusion. You can put in an hour of time into a game with no result - very frustrating and hard to believe the game makers didn’t consider this scenario. Please fix.'}, {'userName': 'AdeptAbility', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 6, 11, 23), 'title': 'Great game!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Just like monopoly!! Lots of fun to play online, just wish there were more chat options. I get it could be toxic, but a censoring system would help that. Just wish I could be more specific other than “yes” or “no”. Amazingly designed though'}, {'userName': 'plaint with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 5, 1, 15, 41), 'title': 'Monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I paid for this game along time ago when it was hasbro so I had to pay again now that it’s made by marmalade s that is a bit of a rip off but graphics are better.  Wish there was a way to speed up play but the game is fun'}, {'userName': 'Goat91$@!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 27, 19, 24, 56), 'title': 'Buy it you will love this game like I do!!!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Worth buying  my wife and I have so much fun playing this game  currently I play this game every day for hours last week or two.  Play with other players online or play with family members great game!!!!!! 10 out of 10'}, {'userName': 'IsraelsMom26', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 20, 18, 51, 39), 'title': 'Addicted!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Worth the buy!! I didn’t think I would keep playing and keep playing but I did. !! And on top of that, growing up, you think you know the proper way to play, you DONT!! This will teach you the way and will teach you to play hard!! I love it!!! Thank you for this app!!'}, {'userName': 'Melodie ', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 7, 0, 42), 'title': 'Fun game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I enjoyed the game the only thing it is missing is a chat feature. There are a couple of standard things you can say but it isn’t enough. It would also be nice to choose your token.  I do like how you do have some options to alter rules.'}, {'userName': 'DLashay315', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 29, 10, 5, 52), 'title': 'Definitely not balanced', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I’ve played this game at least 30 times over the past 3 days since I downloaded it. I’ve noticed that I keep pulling the same cards and only the same two characters pull the best cards or win the most money. I know that it is a strategic game, however the game isn’t balanced. This was one of my favorite games growing up, but I don’t like this new version. It was a waste of money in my opinion.'}, {'userName': 'Smores256', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 23, 14, 23, 53), 'title': 'AWESOME', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I considered not buying it due to the negative reviews about glitching but I’ve been playing it a ton since I’ve bought it a few days and have had zero issues . ( No glitches or issues in general) Love it!!\n\nAugust 23rd 2020 Update: I just finished quitting  a game because  I’m so upset. The “random” dice put me at the $200 luxury tax FOUR TIMES IN A ROW after passing go. This dice is suppose to be random and life like, but I seriously doubt this would occur In real life. Very upset.'}, {'userName': 'klr516', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 11, 13, 2, 47), 'title': 'Game freezes', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I really enjoy the game, but The game has started to freeze up on me and I haven’t been able to finish the last 3 games. It starts to happen when it’s down to myself and 1 AI. When the AI has to sell property to pay me is when it freezes. I’ve rebooted my phone each time, but it doesn’t help.'}, {'userName': 'Mr. Critic #1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 30, 12, 13, 43), 'title': 'The game is rigged to drag on', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Whenever I develop land (build hotels), the AI or human players that I am playing against will always get lucky and “miss” my owned areas and instead hit areas such as chances or community chests. The first in game example I can give is as follows: I have all three light blue properties, hotels on all, game is in early stages and I have developed very swiftly, the AI all lucklily land on “chance” when they are near those properties. Not one player has hit those properties yet and we have circled the board 6-7 times now.'}, {'userName': 'calbp', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 16, 3, 40, 39), 'title': 'Great game, needs to improve multiplayer', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16686835, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your feedback and review. I am happy to tell you that the team is already working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date. It is not available yet but will be soon.\r If you have more questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-07-17T04:36:30Z'}, 'review': "I've enjoyed the game so far, but was disappointed to find that multiplayer sessions would not save to be picked up at a later time. Would have preferred the option to save when we are in the middle of the game if one of us has to take a break"}, {'userName': 'Kc353535', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 14, 0, 4, 8), 'title': 'Computer always wins', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'No matter if you own 80% of the board or not, the computer will only land on its own properties or the community chest/chance options while you always land on only his properties.  Last three games played, the computer completed the board 7 times without landing on any of my properties and he only owned the railroads and red properties.  Seems a little unfair and doesn’t make the game enjoyable at all.  Having to pay for an app that the computer always wins...is a joke.'}, {'userName': 'N0bodyuknow', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 23, 2, 53, 29), 'title': 'Gameplay', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15555119, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review. We're sorry to hear you're encountering this bug within the game. I have asked our QA team to look into this matter so that it gets resolved soon. If you have any more details that can help us with our investigation, don't hesitate to let us know at help@marmalademail.com. Thanks again and we hope your experience playing Monopoly improves soon! ", 'modified': '2020-05-26T00:49:10Z'}, 'review': 'This game is good but when you play a single player custom game where it gives you random cards and say all property’s are taken and then leave and come back it give random cards again it doesn’t matter if the property it some one else’s it will give it to the player'}, {'userName': 'kaydawgkees', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 4, 0, 22), 'title': 'Sick and tired of game freezing on online play', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'My bf and I love playing monopoly. We often try to play online multiplayer. However, 4 out of 5 times it has frozen and we loose our game! It’s so infuriating. \nWe’ve tried both playing on and off WiFi and this problem still happens.\nPlease fix this problem by inserting a refresh button during the game or something so this doesn’t happen anymore.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 19, 17, 20), 'review': 'I love this game but i’m just found a bug and i want to tell it for helping...\nSometimes when you go in the other player’s property it doesn’t pay any money to them\ni hope you improve the bugs\nthank you', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It has so many bugs', 'userName': 'aminsabri', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 18, 3, 36), 'review': 'Every time I’m playing, the game glitches and simply will not let me end the turn. The only thing I can do is quit the game. Reconnecting doesn’t work. I’m disappointed that such an amazing game has a glaringly obvious problem that has yet to be fixed. This problem has been apart of my game since downloading but I had hoped it would improve via updates or patches. Alas, I was sadly mistaken. Please fix your game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game is Stuck on a Turn', 'userName': 'Madfacc', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 14, 2, 27, 19), 'review': 'Every time my girlfriend and I play a game we go for like 45mins and then out of no where it’ll say connecting too game next round and it never does so we are forced too quit and I hope someone fixes this issue. This has been done on several times and I’m really irritated because I paid for a game I can’t even play and enjoy because i keep getting kicked off. FIX THIS PLEASE!!!!!! Thank you', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game has serious connection issues', 'userName': 'JON-JON1991', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 1, 11, 30, 9), 'review': 'The multiplayer online mode is a terrible design. You can’t communicate with opponents, it’s hard to reconnect. People quit or something and it just freezes the game. It’s almost pointless If you buy this to play against online opponents. Hopefully they will upgrade this. And you can not customize simple rules in multiplayer. Have to play the old school way which everyone struggles the whole time with no money. So railroads and expensive properties are impossible to build on.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Terrible', 'userName': 'Space123vcfff', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 18, 4, 28, 22), 'review': 'If you going to be playing against AI, know that they will roll doubles, land on their properties to avoid paying you, purchase all properties before you can get to them, they will always be collecting funds form the chance/chest draws, and will skip your hotels/houses. No doubt! On the other hand, you will almost always be paying taxes, land on their properties, barely get to purchase properties, or rarely roll doubles. You can’t help but realize that it’s rigged. Save your $3.99 and buy the real board game for it to be fair and fun.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Rigged AI', 'userName': 'mayur11', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 3, 9, 10), 'review': 'I have tried deleting, re-installing, playing on WiFi, playing on LTE and no matter what I do it ALWAYS freezes to where I cannot finish a single game. I have had this game for a few months now and I think I have maybe COMPLETED A HANDFUL of games. This is just very frustrating, especially considering what has been paid for the app. They should focus less on getting new themes out and fixing these bugs and glitches.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'KEEPS FREEZING', 'userName': 'daniellalyssa', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 22, 40, 27), 'review': 'Overall a very fun game, but if you receive any notification or exit out the game it’ll replace you with an AI (if you’re lucky) other times it will completely stop you from the game and disconnect. It also freezes more often than it should and you’re left their waiting, being forced to exit out your game and join into another one', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Disconnects!', 'userName': 'stop disconnecting', 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 10, 21, 27, 18), 'review': 'In single player quick mode, when I collect rent, there are flashes of light when money is deducted from the computer’s bank. This only started after the last update. I hope they get rid of that annoying feature. The game is great otherwise.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Flashing lights are annoying', 'userName': '321pla', 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 5, 13, 59), 'review': 'whenever i play my game online with my boyfriend, it always gets stuck and i can’t play anymore after a long hard working game , it gets annoying and then we stop playing because why play a game you can’t finish. we’ve played like 7 games so far and it’s crash 6 out of the 7 times! it’s such a good game but ahhh!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love this game but it keeps crashing!', 'userName': 'maurissa holloway', 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 0, 58, 29), 'review': 'I absolutely love this game and the first few times I played a multiplayer game and it was fun. But after that it just kept glitching and wouldn’t work and the screen just kept freezing. I’ve maybe only made it 3 minutes in every time that I try to play again before it loses connection. My wifi and phone is not the problem. Bug fix the shiii out of this please!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cannot finish a multiplayer game to save my life', 'userName': 'Ava Schiederer', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 23, 37, 2), 'review': 'The graphics on the game is beautiful. I don’t have any problems playing individually on the game. however, when I try to connect with a friend,  the game freezes or quit. I have not once completed a full game with a friend. Something is buggy with the invite on the friend option. I not sure spending the money was worth it.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hard to connect with friends', 'userName': '42red', 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 13, 21, 30), 'review': 'I thoroughly enjoy the game, but there are a number of things that would enhance that enjoyment like the keeping of statistics (games won/lost that sort of thing.  It was on the previous iteration of the game so I don’t see how they decided to take a step backwards.  It would seem to me that that was something they’d want to make even better.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Mr.', 'userName': 'Don712(&)', 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 5, 4, 35), 'review': 'What makes this Game such a waste of time and space on your iPhone, is the fact on the MEDIUM game setting the computer will make any deal, no matter how stupid, just to avoid you advancing. Then the dices seem to never land on open property for you, so you end up paying the computer rent until your almost broke and if your lucky enough to land in an unowned piece of land you don’t have enough money to build on it. So, waste your money if you want but don’t say you wasn’t warned. \n#awasteofmoney', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hard pass', 'userName': 'BuZycyn', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 4, 39, 16), 'review': 'Fix the multiplayer mode please. I tried playing with another person but it froze. It would be very helpful if you fixed that. Also, on your preview, one of the orange cards is missing a zero on the purchase price and mortgage value. This is the Bow Street card. Thank you for making the game. I will be more satisfied if you fixed the in-game bugs. Thank you', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12360234, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. \n\nI have shared the information about the Bow Street Card bug with the QA team - it will be looked into as soon as possible! Thanks for bringing it to our attention.\n\nRegarding the freezing, the team is working towards fixing it along all the other issues that have been reported by our players. You can expect an update very soon! Our apologies for any inconvenience caused.\r\n', 'modified': '2019-12-12T12:15:35Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good game. Love it', 'userName': 'GingagNinjah', 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 8, 13, 14), 'review': 'The games algorithms makes it so it chooses where you land and it is not up to chance. You can totally tell because it happens repeatedly, you can call out where you will land. So not worth it, come on developers why not make it random? So rigged. Ps if by chance you do buy the game, you can always win the auction by quickly bidding for the property just one bid above its actual price.. the computer will not bid higher than that! Wish I could have my money back and it was only $4', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12296392, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback.\n\nWe can assure you that the game's A.I. mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and up to chance. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible.\n\nIf the A.I. keeps landing on the same locations then that is unintended and likely a bug. Could you get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the issue? We would be very grateful.\n\nThanks again and we hope to hear from you soon.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T15:08:09Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not up to chance', 'userName': 'TurboEvans', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 8, 4, 45, 35), 'review': 'The online multiplayer function (which is why I bought this app, to play with friends) needs serious improvement. If one person closes the app at all, they are kicked out of the game completely. It is impractical that two people in different locations are going to finish a game of monopoly without interruptions. If this was fixed, this game would be worth the money. So far, I’m disappointed.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Needs improvement', 'userName': 'BNA1989', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 4, 22, 3), 'review': 'EA would’ve made a cash grab right here by making it free instead of a few bucks and bombard it with ads. I’m glad EA didn’t get a second chance with monopoly. Finally, developers who have brains and more focus on quality instead of money.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Thank god it’s not by EA', 'userName': 'rullinoiz', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 4, 30, 42), 'review': 'We spent 4 hrs in a very intense family competition. You do miss building on organization and math skills that you would normally get using the board game, but we spent more time laughing and commenting on strategy. This will be awesome for a road trip!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hours of family time', 'userName': 'jib10a', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 3, 46, 10), 'review': "Love the game. Play it with my friend on facetime almost every night. However, I think you should update the app so incase you need to leave the app to answer a text or the app force closes, the game doesn't end. Have like a section on the app with in progress game or something. Just a thought!", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'FEW THINGS', 'userName': 'why is mh name taken', 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 18, 21, 32, 19), 'review': 'When you go to jail for the first time in 2 people multiplay you get double at a very very high chance at the first double roll try.\n\nWhen you get the color set and build things on those three lots, people will skip your color set for at least once at a very high chance.\n\nWhen your only left opponent gets most of the lots but more than half mortgaged and you only have a few lots with buildings, you are very likeyly to land on the oppoenent’s land while your opponent barely land on your land.\n\nVery suspicious...', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Dice system is NOT 100% random', 'userName': '낌홍쭌', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Great Game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 8, 3, 0, 12), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Savannah Laury', 'review': 'I recently bought this game for my son, who absolutely loves it! He has many friends, but none really like playing monopoly. When he saw the online features, he liked playing with other people who enjoyed monopoly. This game was great, and only $3.99! Thank you Hasbro!', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'WORST BALANCED GAME', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 30, 6, 58, 12), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'ftuvdefhuh', 'review': 'Hope I can rate for zero, but I can’t, fine. the game is obviously not balanced or random. When you set the computer’s level to median or hard, they always get the first to go, and rolled for empty properties, but the real player, can just pay for the tax or go to the jail, or pay for the properties’ fee at the chance. Making the computer harder, doesn’t mean controlling player’s dice. That’s ugly and disgusting. Use your brain, or sell it for 300 billion cuz it’s brand new. Don’t ruin the game, the monopoly of “Monopoly”!', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fun but difficult', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 7, 7, 40, 50), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Amama25', 'review': 'This is a fun game, especially now when we’re all stuck at home and we can play online with friends. But I find that when you’re playing against the computer, the odds really are against you.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15172494, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for sharing your opinion with us. We're glad to hear you enjoy playing Monopoly, especially during these trying times. We also just want to assure you that Monopoly's chance mechanics are completely random, so if you're experiencing events that don't seem random, please let us know at help@marmalademail.com and our team will assist you with this issue! ", 'modified': '2020-05-07T21:34:46Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'our scores should be kept', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 2, 19, 30, 44), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Mezmerizzz', 'review': 'We should be able to go back and see our achievements, our achievements should be displayed for everyone to see; therefor each of us know how good the other person is. This will bring more competition and be more interesting.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18261054, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and for taking the time to share your feedback!\u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY! Thanks again and have a great week!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-04T21:10:49Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'I’m mixed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 10, 20, 25, 22), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'afar tyc', 'review': 'The game is great. I’ve never been one to be call cheater but it definitely seems like the rolling of the dice at times aren’t random. It also seems it will try to build people’s wealths at times or destroy them through card that are drawn. My wife and I love playing at night together but I definitely question some of the things that happen in this app.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902057, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:08:10Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Just okay', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 15, 5, 21, 56), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'nlsnsd', 'review': 'When you play against the computer players on the hard setting they will rarely land on your properties that have houses or hotels but you will frequently land on theirs. Eventually you will lose all your money.  A fun game simply to pass the time but be prepared at the hard level for the dice rolls to favor the AI players.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309128, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:54:28Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fun But I Can’t End My Turn', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 10, 1, 48, 16), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'gdxbbdhdbd', 'review': 'This game is extremely fun and is good when you and your friends aren’t together and want to play monopoly but, sometimes when you go to end your turn it doesn’t end and it freezes instead, I wouldn’t complain if this game was free but since it costs me 4$ I feel that if the issue isn’t fixed then it’s a waste of money.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Too many problems', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 16, 29, 44), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Nobodygotitbetterthenme', 'review': 'Everytime I play this game it gets stuck on a player and the whole game gets ruined. A lot of reconnecting problems. We paid money to play this game so it should be perfect. Other than that I love this game its just like the board one! but just wish you guys would make proper changes, it also needs a chat where we can talk to the players for trading, the one with the new update isnt really useful.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Online with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 15, 50, 57), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'swall1257', 'review': 'It would be beneficial if the game didn’t log you off of a game with friends after your closed the app. Getting a notification of your next turn so you could do other things while the game was happening would make it a lot better.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Only 4 players!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 3, 21, 36, 20), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Orbones', 'review': 'Please fix this game so it allows at least 6 players in the game... trying to continue our digital game night with six people after playing risk for a month.. time to switch it up to monopoly.. but we can’t!! We have to play some off-brand bootleg version because only four of us can play in the official app excluding two members of our play group! How hard is it to have up to 6 players in the game?! C’mon.... and make it snappy, we want to play this Friday...', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Crashes too many times', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 2, 9, 1, 5), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Secobiza', 'review': 'It’s super fun and I love playing with my friend and family through the quarantine, BUT it stops working like half the time. The worst part is, it stops working near the end of the game when everyone has their properties, houses, and hotels!! It’s so frustrating. So if you download this game, don’t get too attached to your properties, because it may crash. \n\n-Karen C\nBoulder, CO', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'DO NOT BUY', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 9, 40, 2), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'patrick1674946', 'review': 'It’s been 5 nights in a row now. I’ve had a monopoly game going with 3 of my friends. And we all connect through zoom. Every. Single. Night. It has froze and then ended our game after about an hour and a half into the game. Right towards the end. We all paid $4 for this. And some friends double when they couldn’t connect their cloud. I hostess twice with co-workers and it’s done the same thing both times. It’s embarrassing. Great game when it works. But it never sends well', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great game, but don’t buy the themes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 22, 6, 9), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'xxxjjjkkkiiipp', 'review': 'When I purchased the Atlantic City them I thought that the places on the board would change names and railroads would change etc. but nothing changed except the middle of the board which isn’t that much of a deal. Do not spend $5 on a new theme just so the middle changes', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great game but dice randomization needs work', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 19, 18, 4, 55), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Andres Varela', 'review': 'I really love the game but the randomization of the dice needs work. Once you see a couple of players landing in one area the dice will always make sure someone lands there. Also, there are times where a player will go 15 rounds without being able to buy anything since the dice will follow another player. Sad but the game is still fun.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Not worth it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 15, 28, 8), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Court018', 'review': 'The app constantly freezes just as the game nears the end. I have yet to finish a game playing with friends. There should be a way to re enter the game. Furthermore, AI will take over if you back out of the app to check a message or something. If you’re playing with friends it should wait for you to re enter the app for your turn - the app could notify the other player when it’s their turn.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fun! But please fix the bugs!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 26, 15, 45, 44), 'rating': 3, 'userName': '12mquintana', 'review': 'Great game to play, super fun. Love playing against my wife and friends. But the game kicks you out for connection reasons(I have 1Gb internet plan) also it freezes when the game start not allowing the game to even start and forces you to restart the app. Because of this, I haven’t been able to complete an entire classic game. Please fix this! Playing on a iPhoneXS Max', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Too glitchy to even finish a game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 2, 11, 41), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'vonnieLB86', 'review': "This app is sooo glitchy. It freezes and gets disconnected. I have a brand new phone, I started about 12 different games and have only finished TWO! I’ve closed down all other apps on my phone, played with and without WiFi and none of it matters. It always starts about 30mins into a game, I’ll have a monopoly and houses and be in great standing and then suddenly it’s frozen. Then I get a message that I've been disconnected so game over for me. I want my money back.", 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Could use some fixes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 31, 6, 23, 35), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Gmoney055', 'review': 'Love this app so much!! My buddies and I play it all the time... we play mostly in play friends online. That being said we literally can’t do anything else on our phone without getting disconnected which is really tough. I feel like paying 4$ for this app (which I convinced my 6 other buddies to do as well) you should be able to go out of the app and be able to reload an online match.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Worst functioning app I’ve ever used', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 3, 17, 56), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Big Daddy Dru', 'review': 'From one of the greatest monopoly players to grace planet earth, I can attest that this app is garbage. In the play with friends mode, you can never leave the app to check a text or anything without it kicking you out. No in-game messaging option and it constantly freezes. Someone calls you during the game? Tough luck, it boots you out and you can’t go back. Use a focus group next time you create an app and these changes would have been suggested ASAP.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Why did I buy this?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 3, 54, 34), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Dragonwriter72', 'review': 'My family has always been fond of Monopoly. So I was happy to be able to get it in my tablet. However, I can’t get it to let me play against other online players. It keeps telling me that I have no internet connection. There is nothing wrong with my internet. My other games have no problem. If I can’t play half of my game then what’s the point?', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'They really thought this out to make it work on the phone. Super work. Really fun. Only wish there was more things to say in chat. Also; mortgaged buy-backs from bank upon landing should be another ‘family rule’ option ;)', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22830615, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-05-16T14:03:03Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 15, 5, 44, 52), 'userName': 'Nathan75746884', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great implementation !'}, {'review': "The game is great but it disconnects instantly when you lock your device or if the connection drops. \n\nIt would be nice if there's a window of 30 seconds to restore the connections or to get back. It is frustrating if the connection drops and the game disconnects if you playing for over an hour.", 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494595, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:42:06Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 8, 46), 'userName': '5IINGH', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Disconnects instantly'}, {'review': 'Wish it didn’t kick us out of a game when you locked your phone or used a different app. Would be a big plus if the game notified you when it was your turn and didn’t kick you out when your not in the app, when playing with friends online. It would be a great game if you can pick it up only when it was your turn.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12297165, 'body': "Hello and thank you for taking the time to give us your feedback - I have shared it with the team for discussion and possible future implementation in an update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com with more suggestions or even concerns. We would love to hear from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-09T15:44:01Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 1, 49, 34), 'userName': 'Henny_Papi', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'So close'}, {'review': 'It’s a great time but… hear me out here… an online multiplayer game with custom rules. \n\nYou make a lobby of custom games, people trying to play can review or create their own and the first 3 others to join kicks the game off.\n\nJust an idea. A free idea of how to make monopoly better. You’re welcome… but please consider it.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23822940, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your idea with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-07-08T14:26:32Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 52, 28), 'userName': 'weauxmaque', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Online Custom Multiplayer'}, {'review': 'I was always confused on the actual board game there’s just so many rules and it’s roughly $20 for the physical board game this virtual game only costs 3.99 explains the rules perfect you can play by yourself or with other people or online and there’s a “quick” mode this game is awesome', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 16, 7, 20, 59), 'userName': 'SteezyNutss', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game!'}, {'review': 'I like how I can play the game becuase no one in my family likes the game other than me but they first require you to pay 4 dollars for the game than If you want to have fun another 35$ that is such a scam and also can you guys add all the versions of the game like cheaters addition, long long version, mega, and much others I will hope that you add and fix this, thanks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 4, 21, 53, 24), 'userName': 'jojo-boy03!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'They aren’t going to respond becuase they know it is true'}, {'review': 'Loving playing monopoly with my friends when we are not in the same room but some times we have to end games early because one of us has to leave and we can’t pause the game. Please add a pausing feature to the game. Loving the game otherwise.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 16, 36, 3), 'userName': 'alease32', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love the app but need to be able to pause games.'}, {'review': 'Definitely one hundred percent get the app. The reason why I am giving four stars is because its a little pricey and you would have to pay more money if you want to add   more to it .  The pros are there are no adds at all and you get to play on airplane mode or in the middle of no we’re get the app 😍', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 20, 22, 13, 54), 'userName': 'nick/ joesph', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Amazing app'}, {'review': 'Devs finally added a time limit, but now the problem is cheating. In the two online games I’ve played since the update there’s always two players working together. One will trade their properties and give all their money to the other. We need a way to report players that do this', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309150, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I'm sorry to hear about your bad experience while playing online mode. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs. If you have any further concerns or questions please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:56:30Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 4, 18, 34, 37), 'userName': 'Redspike29', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'A lot better but there’s still a problem'}, {'review': 'Sometimes the game freezes and you’re not able to communicate to the other players that the game has frozen on you. All you have are the bubble comments. Other than that the game is great.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 12, 4, 48, 41), 'userName': 'cdryinv', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Freezes'}, {'review': 'I got this game so I could play against family and friends back home. When it working it’s fun however it keeps crashing especially if you receive a call or text it takes a while to reconnect. I wish you could tour your own comments instead of the preloaded ones', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 1, 3, 12, 22), 'userName': 'Sweetest_Taboo', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Keeps crashing but otherwise good'}, {'review': 'I love it.!! I can’t get enough of it.!! Worth the money.!! I just wish the did one more thing.!! That is allow us to buy in game bored like Game of Thrones, My Hero Academy, Marvel and many more that they have in real life.!! Other than that I highly think it’s worth your money.!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 9, 2, 21, 26), 'userName': 'QbeeQ', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Upgrade'}, {'review': 'I love the app, it’s just like playing the real life board game. I just wish it had pause or save game options when playing online with friends! I have heard my friends say the same thing after playing with them, wish it had a pause or save game option.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 1, 20, 0, 51), 'userName': 'Twilight Nation', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Save option'}, {'review': 'Job well done! It’s a fun game to play and very well designed. Only one suggestion: Please allow user to pause or suspend trade offers. It gets annoying when you get the same offer, over and over after each turn.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 13, 51, 28), 'userName': 'JerryDelgado', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love this game!'}, {'review': 'No matter what happens, whether your phone battery alert comes up, or a message you want to check. The game freezes as soon as you exit the screen for even a second or get a notification and you cannot continue to play as you are stuck in a glitch. Horrible, horrible bug which should be fixed with a patch ASAP. This App can blow up if they resolve this error.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 20, 14, 48), 'userName': 'Vick0689', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'GLITCHES NEED TO BE FIXED'}, {'review': 'It’s burdensome to watch each player go their turn, negotiate and go back and forth. Maybe before “my turn” give me a quick run down on what happened between each player. A synopsis.\nGreat game though! Enjoy it very much!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 0, 5, 41), 'userName': 'momsoncall', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Find a way to skip through other players moves'}, {'review': 'Amazing game. I love it. The only thing is if you want more board backgrounds u have to pay twice what you paid for this app.  Example if you want monopoly atlantic city board is like 6.99. And this classic is 3.99.  But if you love monopoly like me.  Its worth it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 0, 8, 38), 'userName': 'Nymustafa0105', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Little expensive. But worth the price'}, {'review': 'Very fun but there is this glitch where if you pull down from the top to look at notifications while you have to make a decision, the game will want to “reconnect you next turn”  but because you are still making the decision the game will stop working. Other than that, great!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 20, 19, 6), 'userName': 'Samgb112', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Very fun'}, {'review': 'Am I missing something? How am I supposed to buy houses or hotels when the Add Houses button extends directly over 2 of the purple properties and just reverts back to a small button with no added houses if I touch it? It works fine for all other properties except the purple ones. Please fix it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 2, 25, 24), 'userName': 'Melia104', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': '5 star until today'}, {'review': 'It is fun, but when playing with others or friends, the game will often disconnect..  There seems to be a bug connected with the mortgage/unmortgage.   Also, on my iPad Pro, the build house and the mortgage icons become larger when in use.  They become so large it becomes hard/impossible to unmortgage the orange group or put a house on the purple group.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 23, 49, 2), 'userName': 'Mythtress', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Games get disconnected'}, {'review': 'Only thing I wish they had the shake feature to roll the dice I miss that oh and also when the pay each player $50 comes up the players don’t actually receive the money', 'userName': 'baby birkey', 'title': 'Love it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 28, 9, 37, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'When you own the st Charles place and the other 2 properties it is very hard to place houses on those properties from the pop out on the house purchase icon. And the fact that this is a paid app and there is no chat function makes me feel like it’s a cheap app. If you leave the game, you can’t get back in the game either.', 'userName': 'Soccer Mom 5', 'title': 'Buying houses and no chat capabilities', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 1, 53, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I wish I could give this app a 0. I have tried to play this game multiple times online and every single time in the middle of the game it freezes and then ends our game, wasting a hour or two since we will never be able to finish the game. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY! It’s an expensive app for the quality. Also, once you start a game you cannot temporarily close the game to read a text etc or you are also kicked out of the game. I wish I could return it.', 'userName': 'JessK0521', 'title': 'Do not buy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 12, 6, 8), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'While the game is very reminiscent of the board game, there are major flaws that should be addressed. I often get disconnected even when my wi-fi signal is strong and I am connected everywhere else. If the phone rings you get kicked off, there should be a feature that allows AI to step in and allow you to rejoin. It is very frustrating to be nearing completion and kicked out because you get a call.', 'userName': 'Bromance1823', 'title': 'Needs improvement', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 11, 15, 59, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Games constantly freeze when playing online or with friends, to the point everyone just has to quit and start over. The game itself is decent and the graphics are cool, however the settings are really limiting compared to the older EA version. You can’t adjust how much money players start with, or how much cash gets distributed at Go. Also, the EA version used to have “trick dice” which was a fun option this version lacks', 'userName': 'Dude rein', 'title': 'Constantly freezes, no fun game settings', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 5, 1, 15, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I like the game a lot. The fact that you want ppl to pay $40 for more themes is ridiculous but my biggest issue is that when I play with friends if there is any interruption, you are kicked out and there is no way to get back in...if you check a message or low battery pops up or you even swipe down on notifications (even half way)... you are immediately disconnected. If you are going to disconnect ppl, there should be a way to rejoin. Please fix!', 'userName': 'BaddBrooke', 'title': 'Issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 5, 49, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I’ll preface this by saying I love this game and this app is not particularly bad. However, as time goes on, the predictability of the AI’s advantage becomes unreal. They are constantly getting the right roles to land on unowned, or their their own property, while I can only land on my own, or their properties. It just doesn’t seem very “random” as I roll of the dice in real life would be. This makes it very unenjoyable. \n\nTLDR: AI wins every time, game constantly screws player.', 'userName': 'jdam98', 'title': 'I just wanted a fun single player game...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 5, 41, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I am so sick and tired of playing the game when nothing works right. Ive now had to leave at least 4 games because the game will randomly freeze and theres nothing you can do. All the other players pieces disappear and the only thing I can do is go yo the settings. So frustrating to like a game but can barely play it because of these horrible bugs. Hasbro is a multi million dollar company and they cant release something without game breaking glitches?', 'userName': 'FixYourStupidGame', 'title': 'Fix the bugs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 5, 45, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Gameplay is great when it works but sadly the glitches are all too common.  We’ve yet to get through a whole game without one of our players getting booted or it freezing up. $4 is a hefty price to pay for something that doesn’t deliver. Well $16 if you count my entire family that purchased so we could enjoy while apart. \nI’d avoid until the developers can correct whatever is causing the issues. As other reviewers have noted it’s a consistent issue.', 'userName': 'Jamboimkayy', 'title': 'Frustration', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 7, 41, 33), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'It is NOT the original board game and does not play using original game play rules. I’m not really a fan of that. And it’s not online game play with real people, it’s bots and crap play at that like ABSOLUTELY STUPID TRADE OFFERS. It would be more fun to have tables like other games that you set with the rules you want to play with and it opens the table for others to choose or not choose to sit. This version doesn’t pique my interest and I regret spending $ on it.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12507395, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are not enjoying Monopoly. The game is based on the current physical edition of the board game, and is absolutely faithful to those rules. If there is something that you think is not quite right, please let us know by sending us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com.', 'modified': '2019-12-20T11:05:43Z'}, 'userName': 'Beccahann', 'title': 'Not original', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 19, 22, 6, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'review': "Considering I paid 4 dollars for this app, the fact that it has frozen 3 times during game play (2 times during trades), I'm not willing to give it 5 stars. I'm basically out the money because I can't complete a full game.\n\nAlso, I wish you could speed up the animations versus being forced to watch. When I'm playing versus AI, I don't need to see their every move.", 'developerResponse': {'id': 12491924, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T15:36:52Z'}, 'userName': 'myhalloweenhorror', 'title': 'Good game but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 1, 56, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I have been waiting for a game like this to come out. Paid the money to get the game and there are tons of bugs.\nCan’t even start to play the game at times. \nOne time I was owed for rent and didn’t get paid.\nSometimes when you owe someone money, the title shows how much you owe and it will be stuck on that screen for an unknowable amount of time while the game is going on.\nOne night I fell asleep playing, opened my phone the next morning to find that the online game was supposedly still going on...\n\nJust lots of bugs overall. I love the game and it can have a lot of potential, but the bugs need to be fixed, dice needs to be true random, and I would like to choose what to mortgage or sell houses/hotels when I owe someone money; not automatically have it done for me.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12343387, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-11T16:50:52Z'}, 'userName': 'Jeff kanawyer', 'title': 'Lot of bugs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 22, 37, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'While I doubt content creators read reviews on the off chance they do here are some things I think could be improved upon. \n1. Random glitches\n2. You should be able to leave the app for a couple of minutes without it deleting the game you are playing. \n3. Why isn’t go around the board once a house rule? \n4. You should be able to save games. \n5. This is completely optional but I think it would attract a lot of people- making the game like words with friends. Where you can start a game with a couple of people and leave and come back to the game at a later time.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12299251, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. \n\nWe are always lurking around in the reviews section to quickly tackle any bugs reported and to gather all of our users' feedback for possible addition to the game in a future update. We take our users' opinions very seriously and always try to find ways to incorporate the most requested features into our games!\nI have shared all 5 things you mentioned with our design team for discussion - you make very valid points! \nPlease don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more ideas you wish to share!", 'modified': '2019-12-09T17:52:00Z'}, 'userName': 'Gerilynnlol', 'title': 'Fun game but', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 8, 22, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': "Game does not pay out $200 to player when passing go.  Game will skip human player's turn numerous times.  Waited 3 rounds before was able to roll.  Rolls are definitely not random.  I'm guessing developers thought an easy way to make the game more difficult was to modify what is rolled. Should just leave random, game would be way more fun that way, now it's just frustrating.", 'userName': 'Tangyb1764', 'title': 'Single player game broke.  Rolls not random', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 2, 10, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I’m not sure if it is or the game but each time we played it goes normal until it freezes and we couldn’t anything but overall it a great game. oh yeah I wish there text you speak since the option is very limited hopefully they fix that soon', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23987143, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. \n", 'modified': '2021-07-18T13:02:36Z'}, 'userName': 'iceman64rene', 'title': 'It great but…', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 16, 11, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'This game has a lot of promise and could be great. I’ve played both group and single games well over 50 times. I’ve noticed the the dice throws aren’t random at all. The game seems to choose who it wants to win. I hope they fix this because it could be a lot of fun. Unfortunately I don’t play anymore because of this.', 'userName': 'SkipperDD', 'title': 'Game seems rigged', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 19, 15, 12, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I just purchased this game for $3.99 and it continues to glitch out on me. It’s also doing it on my fiancé’s phone so it’s just not my connection. We were so excited about this game but due to the glitching I’d have to give it about a 3/10. Honest review.', 'userName': 'stephnderr', 'title': 'Glitching', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 21, 10, 30, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I have a very difficult time believing that the roll of the dice is truly random when you play the AI.  There is just way too much good luck for the AI.  It’s fun for a while but the frustration mounts as you see how bad your luck is.  Playing against another person is fun, but against the AI is just an absolutely insanely unfair prospect.  I hope they can so something to make it a little more even handed.', 'userName': 'Blahfest', 'title': 'Don’t care what they say', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 8, 11, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'It’s good overall. Easy play with many options. However, when playing with multiple players online, there are some error when making auctions. I can not tap my card. Need to be fixed.', 'userName': 'weeelokay', 'title': 'Good game but something to be fixed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 4, 15, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I’ve been playing games for hours at a time and then out of nowhere the game would crash. This isn’t the first time it’s happened. I played a game just now and we have been playing for 2 hours and the game crashed. The opponent  wouldn’t make a move and I sat there waiting for 20 minutes and it just kept saying they were making a trade offer. This needs to be fixed I just wasted hours out of my day and money after buying this game.', 'userName': 'epnone', 'title': 'BUGS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 30, 20, 7, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': "I love board games but now a days most don't. I love that I can play with others online and friends. In a time where you can’t really meet new people cause of covid this is a good way to have fun stay safe and still play with other people.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Pandemic loneliness cured lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 6, 20, 21, 9), 'userName': 'MissLonelyStoner'}, {'review': 'If you are playing the computer they hate for you to win two or three times in a row the dice favoring the computer is almost and most flaunted three sets of properties and 12 trips around the board And only landed on property once right after I rolled doubles the third time in a row and community chest and chance holy crap i literally got every bad card but not the computer only got one bad card landed on my railroad that’s right right after I landed in jail', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Computer is rigged to beat you', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 0, 15, 37), 'userName': 'Ffsurhbfnn'}, {'review': 'The game itself is good but almost $40 for the in game season pass is a lot. I got it on sale but for $40 it’s kind of a ripoff. It seems hasbro is milking its classic game for all the classic nostalgia. Other than that I’m satisfied with it graphics are good and I like the offline and online play. If your really into monopoly and don’t mind the in app purchases then definitely get this game.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'In game purchases', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 14, 2, 59, 28), 'userName': 'Darkhunter2121'}, {'review': 'When a computer opponent is in jail and rolls a double to get out, they always get another turn for having rolled that double. If I roll a double to get out of jail, I never get a second turn to roll again.  Not fair.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Play again', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 13, 23, 19, 42), 'userName': 'Brandoandsophie'}, {'review': 'The new “city” sounds that have popped up with the most recent update are very distracting. I turned them off, but now can not hear the roll of the dice or the other sounds I liked before. Please add a more detailed option to pick and choose sounds.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love the game, HATE the new sound effects!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 13, 15, 44, 17), 'userName': 'ownxhdhkwlsodjdnshaj'}, {'review': 'You will automatically be removed and unable to join back, a stupid future that needs improvement... I put 40 minutes of my own life into this game and can’t reconnect. Absolutely horrid.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Don’t lose reception or else', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 9, 19, 20, 8), 'userName': 'irritatedwithdumbcrap'}, {'review': 'It’s a good game but it needs more work, like you should be able to track your wins and loses and there should be leagues depending on that win rate, it would make the game better way more interesting, also maybe weekly or daily challenges with rewards from mr monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good base but needs improvement', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 10, 15, 12, 9), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902081, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We really appreciate your good words and your opinion. I'm very happy to inform you that this feature is already being worked by our team, and will be added in a major update in the future. If you have more questions, don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:11:07Z'}, 'userName': 'estemillan'}, {'review': 'LOVE this app!!  Purchased an additional board, recruited my wife, daughter, and her boyfriend to purchase so we can all play. Would give 5+ stars; HOWEVER, dice rolls and Chance and Community Chest cards are definitely NOT truly random. We play very often, and it is obvious that from the beginning of the game, one of the players is chosen to be the winner. Otherwise, a great app!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Randomness needs to be honed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 16, 3, 8, 57), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16687083, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review and feedback, we are happy to hear that you like our game :)!. We are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-07-17T04:54:36Z'}, 'userName': 'One Fast Bird'}, {'review': 'I love playing this game but there is nothing worse than playing a game with your friends and securing your first monopoly and then the app crashes. Now we all have to exit the game. Please fix this glitch so I can enjoy my $3.99 purchase.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'App crashing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 13, 0, 5, 8), 'userName': 'Dee Clement'}, {'review': 'Me and my friends play 2-3 games a day ans even have tournaments. Great app overall. \nOne thing that would make the app much better is the option in Custom Rules to hide players money. People will deal differently if a players bank account is disclosed. That’s all we ask for. 🙏🏾', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great App! Needs 1 more Custom option', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 23, 22, 8, 37), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16203928, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested-for features so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in Monopoly!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-06-25T00:35:45Z'}, 'userName': ' Ryan V'}, {'review': 'This is a great game and a lot of fun but it lacks a key feature: pausing or saving. Perhaps I missed it, but I could not locate a way to pause the game or even save it. \n\nI was playing 1 v 1 online with a friend and if I needed to respond to a text, or if I received a call, then it would replace me with a computer and I could not join in until my next turn. As a result, I lost the chance to do some tasks I planned. \n\nIt was really frustrating. \n\nIf I’m wrong and I missed the pause/save feature, I apologize and please let me know how do so. \n\nOtherwise, this really is a cool game, but in my opinion, it lacks a key component and drops my rating from what would have been 5 star to a 2 star.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Great game but need to add pause/save options', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 2, 27, 54), 'userName': 'allgame13'}, {'review': 'This game is close to flawless. They’ve really done the classic game justice while adding just the right amount of pop for the digital edition. You really feel like you’re playing the board game.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Hard to imagine it being better', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 2, 15, 38), 'userName': 'RCPeterson'}, {'review': 'Could even play. Got this to play long distance with my kids and their spouses. Tried connecting to a game several times. One spouse could, the other couldn’t. My wife on the same WiFi couldn’t, then she could. Tried creating a new game, same issues. Tried creating a third new game, same issues. It took selecting a new game piece and force closing the app twice to get my new game piece to stick. I’m going to request a refund.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Connectivity issues, couldn’t even play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 17, 26, 6), 'userName': 'bradtwotrees'}, {'review': 'The game of monopoly is obviously a timeless, fun classic. But, trying to play it online with friends can be a tad annoying sometimes as the app unnecessarily creates lags or even freezes if a player leaves the screen for a second. Sometimes, if a player leaves it’s replaced by AI however half of the time it never happens so you are just left with a frozen game and hours gone from your life', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Online Multiplayer Constant Freeze', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 3, 16, 10), 'userName': 'Ggyvssfhbvxz'}, {'review': 'This game is amazing but it’s freezes/Disconnects from time to time I’ve finish a whole game 90% of the time that needs to be fix the connectivity to other players and it needs a chat playing for 3+ hours a game and not able to talk to your friends while your is not fun so that needs to be implemented. Fix that issue & add Chat you guys got 5 stars from me.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great Game But....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 20, 10, 21), 'userName': 'Aoant23'}, {'review': 'I absolutely love being able to play online and with friends. Only issue is when someone leaves the game, you’re forced to quit. An update should include the computer taking over when players leave. Also, I want the world to know how good I am; the game should allow us to track records/wins!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 4, 59, 11), 'userName': 'SJDula'}, {'review': 'Halfway through or towards the end of the game, my options for putting houses down, mortgaging, or making trades completely disappeared. So the game just kept going on and on because nobody could do anything except roll. Horrible for your patience. We have had to quit a game on multiple occasions because it wasn’t going anywhere due to malfunctions in the app.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Would be great if it wouldn’t freeze or malfunction', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 7, 3, 39), 'userName': 'LoveMonopolyHateThisApp'}, {'review': 'The game could be better.  For a tablet, screen space is limited so would it not make more sense to utilize available space and do away with the cityscape, helicopters flying around?   This would enlarge the board and increase playability.  The AI seems to function on rigging die rolls rather than good decision making.  Granted we’re not talking chess here but still there is some skill.  Be prepared on higher levels to hit AI’s properties almost every time.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Ok, but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 19, 18, 45), 'userName': 'Turnmylifedown'}, {'review': 'Ok so I love this game it’s nice online multiplayer with no lag one thing that needs to change is the AI I don’t know if you guys can find a way to fix it I just find the AI being stupid sometimes also add a block trading button to stop someone from trading with you just for that one annoying guy👍', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'One change is...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 18, 44, 31), 'userName': 'mathguy0898'}, {'review': 'Me and my family all bought this to play while we’re all stuck in our houses during the pandemic. It would be nice if more than 4 people could play an online game together. Also, an hour into the game, one of us (the one who was winning) got booted from the game and couldn’t rejoin... they were replaced by AI & they were very upset', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but could be better', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 0, 58, 1), 'userName': 'Jv42582'}, {'review': 'This game is amazing. Graphics are better than I thought they’d be, the gameplay is fair for everyone, and it’s a lot of fun. Very addicting! Highly recommend playing or at least trying it out. Definitely worth the $3.99 price tag.', 'userName': 'As1745245', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Amazing Mobile Monopoly Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 13, 12, 42), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Love this game can’t get enough of it! One little issue though, game keeps freezing other than that when it is working properly it’s the best digital phone game I have played as far as family games', 'userName': 'HolyGhostInRich', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12342386, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your kind review! It makes us very happy to know that you are enjoying Monopoly as much as we enjoy developing it. Regarding the freezing issue - we're very sorry about that. The team is working hard on fixing all of the issues reported by our players and will be releasing an update soon that should improve stability and performance, along with plenty of bug fixes. ", 'modified': '2019-12-11T15:42:54Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game just one little problem', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 4, 50, 10), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is good if you can actually play it. Freezes and bugs out all the time. Especially frustrated after playing a game that requires you to invest so much time. Cannot rejoin games after bugging out and freezing... Also could use quality of life updates like ... An extra confirm before auctioning or trading and the end turn button... If you like to waste time and be permanently triggered , THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡', 'userName': 'prikl9', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Super buggy!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 24, 7, 58, 34), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s a good game except when you’ve been playing for an hour and it freezes. That is beyond infuriating. It also seems rigged at times. I was playing with 2 A.I’s and I was clearly playing the best but I still lost because they missed my property 13 TIMES IN A ROW! Your bound to get mad at the cheapness of this game if you buy it. The “extra features” in this game are also overpriced.', 'userName': 'RGRGRGRGRGRGRGRGRG', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13631066, 'body': "Hi, we can assure you that the game’s chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun and our goal is to deliver the best gaming experience possible. We know that sometimes it can feel like the AI gets all the breaks, but this really is pure chance. \rWe're sorry to hear about your bad experience, let me assure you that our team is actively listening to our users' feedback and working tirelessly towards fixing all known issues. Please bear with us a bit longer, we will be releasing an update next week to make the game more stable.\n", 'modified': '2020-02-21T16:30:51Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 21, 7, 34, 30), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is awesome to play with family and friends. It starts off smooth but later on when everyone has properties and houses etc.. the game crashes. It freezes and attempts to reconnect but it never does. It’s very frustrating that this happens in EVERY game so you never get to finish.', 'userName': 'azap18', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great but freezes every time.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 17, 19, 57, 32), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Okay so let me start off by saying that I love Monopoly and you all did a magnificent job but I have encountered a few glitches. The game freezes when the actual game starts.. the game also freezes when I am about 10 to 20 minutes into a game. Please fix these issues..for the first time in my life do not make me regret playing Monopoly. Thank you!', 'userName': 'Mr.Monopoly 8113', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Please fix', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 16, 15, 0, 22), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I enjoy this game a lot, when I play the computer it never freezes but seems like when I play online it always freezes. I’ve never once finished an entire game online due to it just freezing, which is frustrating especially when the game is getting interesting.', 'userName': 'Liltri03', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Love the game but online play always freezes up', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 10, 5, 16, 8), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Everything is great until the game crashes and kicks you out after you’ve built nine houses and spent 45 minutes of your life, only for it to disconnect you and kick you out. This happens every time, and I never have issues with any other app. Fix it. Now.', 'userName': 'fjccudeoscckcbbk', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Crashes all the time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 2, 22, 5, 16), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s almost as if the developers intentionally made the Online with friends mode the worst gaming experience ever. Every other second it freezers or you’re booted out for one reason or another. Myself and 3 friends have only been able to successfully make it through 1 game out of 15+ without someone getting kicked out or the game freezing. God forbid you get a call or text during the game. You’re done. Also, where is the in app messaging?!', 'userName': 'MacaulayHammond', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Online With Friends Is Horrible', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 3, 23, 5), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The actual game and gameplay is great! But that’s all it is, the game; individual games; NO record keeping of any kind...This game needs to keep record of game stats like Wins and Losses, Most Properties Owned, Most Money Had In a Single Game, Most Landed on Spaces—as well as Lifetime Stats like Total Monies, Total Rolls, Total Spaces Traveled, etc. Great game but could be (and should be) so much more.', 'userName': '$fubanger$', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'NEEDS RECORD KEEPING!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 21, 30, 40), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game could be so good. It has all the great things of monopoly, but the INFURIATING part is that out of the 30 or so games I have played, I have only completely finished 1 of them. Every other game has frozen on me and I have had to quit. AND, this game does not have a save feature so every time I have had to completely restart. I have sunk so much time into this dang game and had no payoff. This is especially horrible because of the cost it takes to download it.', 'userName': 'Mr. November 95', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not what it should be', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 2, 1, 54), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love monopoly and was happy to spend $4 on a mobile version. My issue with the game is I can never finish a game even against AI players. About half way through the game everything just stops, nobody moves I can’t roll dice but the board still is animated and moving and the music is still playing  but nobody actually moves any pieces or does anything at all.', 'userName': 'Dbarr6494', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Never get to finish', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 22, 19, 29), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Game has a few mistakes, mostly with the cards. For example, if you collect for your birthday money from other players, they do not lose money. If you get a card to pay other players they do not gain the money. Overall 8/10', 'userName': 'Realdealoo8', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Few minor issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 15, 0, 26, 52), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The graphics are pretty great and gameplay is smooth, but it’s so predictable. You play against computers and the same exact things happens every game. And when you raise the difficulty all it really does is take luck away from you. Easy is too easy and medium is too difficult. Unfortunate that this app costs money and the developers don’t care enough to make an enjoyable game play.', 'userName': 'katelynolivia27', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Good graphics, bad algorithm', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 21, 54, 56), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There is no time limit for rolling the dice. If a person doesn\'t roll, the game is "permanently paused." I am currently in the middle of a game in which a player may lose on his next roll; so he is just not rolling, and there is nothing we can do about it. There should be a time limit on rolling, then an automatic roll, just like with other actions in the game. The contact area of the company website also will not let you send them an email.', 'userName': 'dwright713', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Player Can Stall the Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 4, 17, 18), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'the amount of blatant cheating by the A.I is utterly abominable, but it must be nice for them i suppose as the game gets quite a lot easier when you can choose what comes up on the dice. so in short instead of actually programming intelligent bots they took the cop out of give the A.I influence over the dice so when you increase the difficulty you are just giving the bots your permission to use weighted dice.', 'userName': 'VeryAngeryPotato', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23547618, 'body': 'Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base.', 'modified': '2021-06-23T15:04:52Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'god forsaken card sharks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 21, 14, 14, 31), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Don’t spend money on this app/game until it is tweaked. The amount of times a player goes to jail (either by rolling the dice OR by picking up a card) is well beyond the probability norms, especially when several houses are on the board. I have played games where a computer (AI) player gets out of jail and three turns later rolls the dice again to go to jail—AND IT HAPPENED 4 times in a row! I can give countless examples of this being outside the norm of probability.', 'userName': 'dale1chair', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Go to Jail Occurrence Needs fixed!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 23, 21, 53, 22), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is fun enough to kill time. I would like it better if there was a way to “earn” the other tokens, boards, and extras. But I suppose it wouldn’t be monopoly if it wasn’t about making money. I’m sure I will eventually get board of playing the same thing over and over.', 'userName': 'Daisystarz', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun ... for now', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 6, 4, 40), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is manipulated. My friend and I were playing with the computer and we noticed how the system throw the dices and does whatever they want. What’s the point to pay for an app where your own game is also being played? The system decides whether you win, whether they give you numbers in the dice. I want my money back. It’s been 2 days and I no longer want to play it. I rather the real one, where the dices and the game is not being manipulated.', 'userName': 'Raff1994', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Waste of money', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 2, 9, 46, 49), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game would be nice if the ai or another player wouldn’t just “happen” to miss a set of my houses while I always land on theirs. I don’t want to hear that this game isn’t rigged or cheating and that cheating is unfair and this game doesn’t do that because it clearly does. When I use the bathroom at 3:00 everyday is more “random” then these dice rolls. Either do something to fix it or I’m going to start demanding a refund!! I’m done with this, I didn’t pay you guys 3$ just to be cheated!!!', 'userName': 'cvshjffjh', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Rigged all the way', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 15, 53, 28), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17357575, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are aware of this issue and will be releasing an update to address it as soon as we possibly can. We are deeply sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. For assistance with technical issues please reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com.', 'modified': '2020-08-18T15:35:11Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 16, 23, 8, 49), 'review': 'When I play the computer, it crashes when they need to raise funds or sell properties. It’s frustrating because that happens only when you are beating the computer.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chas19191919', 'title': 'Freezes'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 8, 52, 4), 'review': 'Love the game, however great games are ruined as the players sometimes quit but stay in the game. Please kick idle players after certain amount of time. Also let players create tables with rules for online multi player, and my lovely developers, can we invite random people to join created tables?', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ladyk747', 'title': 'Kick idle players'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 24, 14, 22, 28), 'review': 'The Dice rolling is just bad if you dont have the most property, even falling in second place with property count will have you struggling to land on a spot that isn’t owned by someone else. I know it sounds cliche but this games dice rolling system is designed to make the rich richer. So just be the rich within the first couple rolls and never morgage cause its over at that point.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "Shaq's Sugar", 'title': 'It aint rigged rigged but its rigged'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 1, 18, 49), 'review': 'Very addictive and fun.  But can someone please explain to me the logic in removing randomness from the dice rolls?  The game outrightly cheats.  Takes a lot of the fun out of it.\n\nIf someone could correct this issue through some wiser programming, keeping it challenging, yet not resorting to controlling dice rolls, it would be my favorite game.\n\nAs it stands, it’s just ok.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bookandstreet2', 'title': 'Make dice rolls random please.  Otherwise it feels like playing against cheaters.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 17, 51, 20), 'review': 'The game is fast and keeps your interested, some glitches here and there but it makes a game of monopoly not seem so intimidating because you don’t have to think of all the details it does the hard part for you', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'merfe.Ruiz', 'title': 'Fun'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 7, 4, 18, 8), 'review': 'Loved playing this game, but recently the bugs are getting too frustrating to play. I get trapped in a loop when playing in single player mode. This happens a lot when it’s down to two players. When the bot hits your property and has to sell houses/hotels, the game freezes before the money gets deposited to you. I have rebooted my phone and restarted the app. Nothing has worked so far.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Pixie0810', 'title': 'Good but buggy'}, {'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17095253, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:43:07Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 2, 17, 10, 46), 'review': 'My best friend and I purchased the Monopoly game separately but if we don’t take turns fast enough the AI (computer) plays for us which isn’t right! We should be able to control our own boards at all times and have the option to turn off AI (computer) from playing at all and there’s no way to do so. We wasted 8$ I’d give it a zero if we could because it’s not fair computer takes turns for us when we don’t take turns fast enough!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'michelle ann jurs', 'title': 'Monopoly game'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 25, 7, 21, 16), 'review': 'Awesome virtual adaptation of the game. Just one thing that’s missing is a chat between players. You have a list of pre-chosen words you can repeatedly say, but it’s not enough. I know they’re trying to keep it PG, but if you’re playing between friends you should be able to chat with them.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nakasonic', 'title': 'Great Game Play'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 16, 17, 14, 30), 'review': 'Great game except it’s impossible to finish a game because of other players leaving in the middle of the game. It would be great to have an option where you can add other players in your friends list that will indicate if they are on so you can each invite each other to a game so that more serious players can actually enjoy a whole game without another quitting.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'YayyYayy', 'title': 'Could be better'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 2, 52, 24), 'review': 'I would like a ranking system based on wins. The more you win the better players that you will be allowed to play. This way people will know who best are and experienced players can play with the better players. New, with new players.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Last Name in the Bucket', 'title': 'Please add ranking system'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 6, 34, 2), 'review': 'I was loving this game until all of a sudden I traded someone they counter offered and declined. Then all my buttons disappeared and I left the game and came back and only the ones on the left were back but gray and unusable I had to restart many games because of this.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KimmySnyder19', 'title': 'Button Glitch'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 19, 16, 24), 'review': 'Big monopoly fan. It’s just one of those games I grew up playing with my family. The only thing that frustrates me is that I can’t leave a game (single player or multiplayer) and come back. That should be allowed for games played on your own or with people you know. That would make things much easier.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Pankake777', 'title': 'Good, but one thing would make it great'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 3, 15, 25), 'review': 'The game DOES NOT let total-chance rule on dice rolls. It 100% takes into account what properties are owned, houses built, properties mortgages, etc, and it does this to establish a fair game. It’s very easy to tell. HOWEVER, I think it DOES plays fair, and if you want to trick it into playing into your favor, own an entire side of the board! You’re welcome! ;)', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MichaelJonahTV', 'title': 'Wonderful rendition!'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 14, 5, 25), 'review': 'It weird how I can own two complete sides, and the computer players consistently get dice rolls, that put them in the spots to not pay me. This happens when I have enough houses to bankrupt them. After I noticed this, I started noticing the the rolls really don’t seem random throughout the game, as it goes. Unless there is some way to fix that, I wouldn’t recommend this game, if you want a more real experience.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'coffee cup 86', 'title': 'The dice are not random'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 18, 23, 35), 'review': 'I love the game of monopoly but this app is stressing me out since there are many occasions where the app disconnects me out of no where and there’s no chance of me coming back to the game where I left off. Monopoly can run very long but electronic calculations does make the game go faster since you don’t have to do the math manually. However there’s no point of playing if the game disconnects randomly. Purchase at your own risk.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'George A.H', 'title': 'Random Disconnection'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 5, 13, 2), 'review': 'I love this game and this app SO much. However, when i first downloaded it was perfect, never issues with staying connected. But now it seems that it updated or is just messing up because almost every time I play I get disconnected. No matter what internet I try or where I am. Besides this issue, this is my favorite app of all time', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'litaree', 'title': 'Internet problems'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 15, 59, 20), 'review': 'I have iPhone 7 still that I’m very happy with so does my daughter. My husband has 6+. This game does not work well on any of our phones. I bought it thinking we could “share” the game in my “family sharing” set up and play together BUT NO!  I will NOT recommend this to the rest of my family or friends to play while we are all at home for this virus pandemic! Would have been fun if we could have all played online from our various locates.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ro #1*', 'title': 'Like to get a refund!'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 17, 23, 57, 40), 'review': 'If the game never glitched it would be 5 stars all the way.  Unfortunately, at least half the games I’ve played, if not more, are not finished because the game glitches or freezes and the game stops. Super frustrating when your 30 minutes into a game.  When it works it’s awesome, but for the money it’s not worth it at all.  Fix the bugs and it’s 5 stars!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'benny1$2$3', 'title': 'Often doesn’t work, great when it does'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 7, 15, 0, 33), 'review': 'There’s nothing more frustrating than getting through a half game of monopoly just to have it either connection get disturbed or a glitch causes your game to just completely stop playing. If the game worked it would be fabulous.. disappointed I spent money on this... also I would play against the computer but it’s way too easy even when you place them on HARD.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Andrew Lawver', 'title': 'Constantly losing connection and kicks me out half way through'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 11, 37, 22), 'review': 'I hate how easily this game disconnects when playing with friends. Most recently as soon as I hit end turn I got disconnected. If I go to open an additional tab to let’s say respond to a text or switch music, I get disconnected. Their should be a grace period. Especially when playing with friends. I also don’t like there’s no in game chat and because you get disconnected when you switch tabs you I can’t even send any text messages to negotiate a trade.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Colinwis', 'title': 'Disconnection issues'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': '@aNubianPrince', 'title': 'Classic Goes Mobile!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 14, 27, 19), 'review': 'I love having this classic game in the confines of my pocket! I do wish they would incorporate a shake of the phone for a roll of the dice as well, but it overall is still a great game! Playing with friends is easy and simple, which is a major plus!'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'tfj1421', 'title': 'Rigged', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 11, 0, 39, 12), 'review': 'The game is rigged when playing the AI. Every AI will pass your hotels right on up but you can sure bet you will led on every single big rent. It tells you how many times each spot was landed on. I went back and looked once and noticed that I had 6 hotels and each of those had a max of 2 lands each. The computer had 3 hotels and they were landed on 7 each. They need to make the game more realistic by actually making it fair. This happens almost every single game.'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'katidani', 'title': 'so annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 1, 8, 55), 'review': 'purchased the game because i’ve been wanting to play monopoly lately idk, thought it was fun at first until I realized how glitchy this game is!! every single online game i have i get into the middle of a game, just for it lag or completely freeze. You can’t rejoin a game you were in either so the time you spent on that game is wasted, just to start another and it break again. It’s almost unplayable and I’m so frustrated. Don’t buy this game, you can’t even play.'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Jasoninaz1971', 'title': 'It’s really good one it doesn’t crash', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 59, 14), 'review': 'It’s really good one it doesn’t crash however I have another player has a very slow connection or very often on connection he can make a game absolutely maddening.'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Dr_Cowbell', 'title': 'Why Does Online Play ALWAYS CRASH?!', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12490474, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. We are also aware of a glitch with trading, and we are working hard to fix the problem. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T14:16:22Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 21, 36, 16), 'review': 'I want to like this and rate it higher but it keeps crashing but that’s not the worse thing. There is a glitch with trading where you are in control of another player. You can make them trade all of their stuff and they can’t stop or reject it because the game treats it like they are the one making the offer! Come on!!!'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'J1Hund0', 'title': 'Game', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12491869, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are all very good suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T15:33:56Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 2, 14, 36), 'review': 'The game is very fun to play and is kind of addicting if you got friends to play with, but I wish they would add a “buzz button” so that you can make your opponents know it’s there turn when there taking forever to go. The game crashes quite a bit but it has been somewhat resolved. I also which there was an in game communication system.'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'ColorfulLanguage', 'title': 'Fun but annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494370, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. There are timers in multiplayer, but unfortunately some users are experiencing freezes with the game, which make it seem like there are no turn timers. We have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:22:44Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 1, 24, 11), 'review': 'It’s really fun I could play this game for hours but I wish there was some type of ‘boot’ button after a certain amount of time I’ve been waiting for ten minutes as I write this because a player went bankrupt and obviously left the game so we can’t continue.'}, {'rating': 2, 'userName': 'PilsburryDoughBoy', 'title': 'Not at all what it could be', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12494612, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We can assure you that the game's chance mechanics (dice rolls, cards, etc) are completely random and luck-based. Rigged games are unfair and no fun, and our goal as game developers is always to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com so that we can further investigate the matter. ", 'modified': '2019-12-19T18:43:36Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 6, 9, 33), 'review': 'It’s fun to play monopoly, however it’s very clear this game isn’t random. Play one game on hard and tell me that you could replicate what happens in real life. There’s no way, also the online really isn’t online all the time, I have definitely played against multiple bots and sometimes ever all bots while in an online match. Super frustrating, this is your second time making this game'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'vhhffhi', 'title': 'Love it', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 10, 59, 16), 'review': 'My best friend and I are huge monopoly fans and we both moved to two different states so this is how we play now. I wish you could win achievements when you win a game or win coins to buy the game pieces or something. Definitely need to make other themes other than places…'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Dreamalker44', 'title': 'Monopoly app', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 4, 11, 57), 'review': 'The game is rigged.  \n\nIt allows the robot players to trade property among themselves to get full sets first.  Somehow the robot players magically roll the dice to avoid my properties most of the time.  The robot players trade with me only so that can trade better amongst themselves afterward.  Even when I  make them better harder players,  almost immediately they trade stupidly so that one of them makes a full set of properties to put hotels almost instantly.\n\nIt is a shame Hasbro can’t sell a fair game to the buyers.'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Carob1706', 'title': 'What a great idea!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 20, 6, 46), 'review': 'With the current pandemic, it’s hard to see family and friends. Playing board games on video conferencing can be tedious. This is such a great way to play a classic game we love with those we love. Graphics are nice and gameplay is very smooth'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'mayawil91', 'title': 'Okay but needs some work', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22616052, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to improve Monopoly's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-05-04T14:21:21Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 2, 10, 18, 46), 'review': 'It’s nice to be able to choose your own rules because everyone plays monopoly a bit different but it’s also cool to be able to play the classic way. Con to it is for this app to be one you buy, it has a lot of glitches and def can cause frustration when it freezes & you’re winning 😡'}, {'rating': 2, 'userName': 'anonymous4404', 'title': 'Fun but frustrating', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 28, 2, 38, 38), 'review': 'The game is fun to pass time. Except when the computer always wins somehow. It seems as if they always get the perfect number on the dice to never land on my stuff. Yet it always land on theirs multiple times in a row. Why did I pay for a game that I can never win because the computers are set up to succeed. The dice rolls clearly are not random and because of that the coding to the game needs to be fixed.'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Castillo723', 'title': 'Plays Well But Is Takes Too Much Time', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21819095, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. \r\n", 'modified': '2021-03-23T13:56:05Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 21, 12, 5, 13), 'review': 'This version plays just like the original, my biggest issue is there are no ways I could find to speed up turns like some other versions had.  Other than that, it plays very well.'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Scrappy62395', 'title': 'Issues', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 20, 10, 10, 6), 'review': 'This app is cool and all but it definitely needs to be fixed. I hate when I’m playing a match and I’m 40 minutes half way into a game and it randomly freezes. There is no way to fix it but to refresh the app and start over, it has happened several times already. So annoying!'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'PuaOdell', 'title': 'Ehh...', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 6, 22, 20, 26), 'review': 'It is great until you play against the computer. It ends up cheating. The computer will skip your properties and get all of the good cards and you end up paying a ton of money. It will not stop trading you even though you reject it will do the same trade over and over. It is fun to play against people you know better then computer.'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Ann the cat.', 'title': 'Monopoly my fun place', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 29, 16, 37, 21), 'review': 'I love having this old childhood friend back.  I enjoy the graphics and the new features, thanks for bringing this game back to me.\n\nI am 75 and a kid again with this back.I have always enjoyed playing monopoly.  It keeps my mind working with a fun game and relaxes me'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'angie199612', 'title': 'too much fun', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 21, 1, 51, 44), 'review': 'My husband doesn’t want to buy me one in person and if i buy myself he wouldn’t play. so i paid for this game and the best 4 dlls in my life! i love how you can choose the computer levels makes it much more challenging and fun'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Jow000', 'title': 'Great classic', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 9, 1, 1, 3), 'review': 'Love the classic with multiplayer, can enjoy a great game of monopoly. I prefer 3 man or 2 man games  it that’s just because there is always one player that takes forever like I said good ole monopoly. Quick is great if you just want to play to bankrupt 1 person to end game.'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'AlloftheLights781', 'title': 'Terribly put together mobile game.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 6, 0, 8, 14), 'review': 'No timers on turns-per \n-person. No in-game detection on whether or not someone is making an unfair deal (aka giving all properties to an opponent for 1M - when this person gives up). Zero stats. This game was made by lazy developers that need to take a second look at this game before charging any kind of money to both download AND offering players to purchase an almost ZERO BENEFIT “season pass.” As a huge Monopoly fan - I am disappointed in this version here.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Monopoly', 'review': 'I do enjoy this game. It has always been my favorite however I have been having a glitch. When I play online during game it stops. Animation still works but no one moves. Is this because a player leaves the game ?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 27, 20, 2, 47), 'userName': 'calicojet'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good game', 'review': 'Just wish there was a mode you could do a campaign or something to where there is a rating system and unlock new things instead of having to buy everything, other than that it is good and definitely fun to play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 4, 0, 27, 47), 'userName': 'APFitz0715'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Don’t buy until you read this!', 'review': 'Monopoly, one of the most known games in the world. Prepare yourself to have loads of fun with friends and family. Unfortunately that’s not the case with the app version of the game. Far too many disconnects and game freezes that ruin all progress in the game leaving you to restart again. The game is almost unplayable. Out of the 10 times I’ve tried playing I’ve only been able to finish 2 games. Buy at your own risk!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 4, 55, 28), 'userName': 'Bhibdon1'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but frustrating with glitches and needs a chat', 'review': 'The game is amazing it’s the glitches that bother me. Games that last more than 30 minutes or so...start lagging and just freeze on screens making me exit out of the game and lose. ALSO...I wish there was a chat so I don’t have to exit out to text them about things that happen in the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 4, 4, 47), 'userName': 'moe03cb'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Highly recommend!', 'review': 'I’ve been loving this game since a child and the fact I can play mobile makes the experience even better! This game I give 5 stars! I have nothing bad to say about it been enjoying it since.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 1, 8, 12), 'userName': 'YaBoi Nike'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'I want a refund', 'review': 'I emailed the company stating that there is an issue with multiplayer mode. If you join a game with friends and if you accidentally click off the game and try to join back, the game automatically cuts off. I told them either fix this issue or give me a refund, about a month later, I receive a response back saying the issue has been updated and I’m STILL having the same issue. I just want a refund back for the lies that I was told. Thanks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 9, 55, 10), 'userName': 'jgnapudbs'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Almost perfect.', 'review': 'Well let’s just say, I’ve played 5 online games and all 5 have failed midway through the game. That’s disappointing. I would also say in online games they need to get rid of all the animated graphics. Would make game much quicker. Yes I know there is the quick mode, but that’s not a real game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 4, 12, 24), 'userName': 'jayserna'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Need to boot players', 'review': 'I’m not seeing it in the reviews so I’ll add it. When players aren’t responsive for a certain amount of time, they need to be removed from the game. I’ve had to restart so many games because someone stops playing and the game can’t continue. Other than that, excellent game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 11, 14, 26, 44), 'userName': 'LucilleLynne'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'If I pay 4 dollars I expect to play at least one game', 'review': 'Since I have paid and downloaded this app I have not been able to successfully play one game. The game either disconnects me while I have great service. Or the app itself just glitches the game and no longer allows me to play. For the ratings it has I don’t understand. Because I expected to be able to use this app. But I have yet to be able to.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 10, 16, 49), 'userName': 'Playthatfunkymusicwhiteboy'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Fun but many issues', 'review': 'I enjoy this kind of game for when I’m not around family for long periods of time but almost every game we play it freezes and we can’t finish the game. It seems there’s many other glitches in the system that negatively affect being allowed to play the game. Hopefully they update the game and fix all the glitches and the game freezing up. Maybe it would be more enjoyable.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 3, 59, 42), 'userName': 'justtryn2ply'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game, needs couple things', 'review': 'Great game! Always loved playing this when I was younger. Just like the original. There needs to be a way to save a game when you’re playing with friends and definitely be able to chat. If these updates go through it’ll be five stars from me!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 3, 40, 47), 'userName': 'ECHO!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Freezing', 'review': 'I love monopoly board and digital board but for some reason this week it has just been freezing on me. I had to quit several games because it would not do anything. Anyone else having that issue?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 20, 6, 19), 'userName': '"CHACH"'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great Game but Glitches', 'review': 'Great game but right when the game is near ending it freezes and no one knows why it randomly stopped before someone’s turn comes up to roll the dice. \n\nI also realized how for some reason it always the color purple that has the best luck with rolls or landing on spots to the point where it’s near impossible for each roll or card to be as it does.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 14, 5, 20, 1), 'userName': 'Pauly-V-22'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'GREAT game...TERRIBLE bugs!', 'review': 'I love monopoly the board game and this app has all of the components that made the board game so fun. Unfortunately, whenever I play online, the game freezes before it is completed. This usually occurs when a player takes too long to roll the dice, and the moving parts on the board keep moving while the game does not progress. Very disappointing bug that has stopped numerous of games I put a lot of time into!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 14, 3, 21, 11), 'userName': 'Scrub9910'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Surprisingly Solid', 'review': 'Really enjoying this game. An excellent adaptation from table to phone! Aside from the game running smoothly and having a nice interface, my favorite feature is the plethora of “house rules” you can edit at will. Stellar job by the developers!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 0, 54, 44), 'userName': 'Moxthafox'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun but with bugs and major advantage to AI', 'review': 'The game itself is fun but when playing with computer, the game freezes when the AI offers trade more than two times. And like other people said the game works in AI’s advantage. Set on easy they are very stupid. Set on medium or higher, they never lose. Just play with friends.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 4, 31, 25), 'userName': 'toricreasy'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Freezing and Bugs', 'review': 'This game is great, the user interface is beautiful but the game is constantly freezing when you go to mortgage a property. It is very frustrating when you have been playing for an hour or more and you can’t even finish the game because it is frozen. If the Devs could fix this it would be much appreciated.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 1, 42, 31), 'userName': 'Nicvgfdsthgjyf'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Fun and works in single player. Freezes every single time when playing with friends', 'review': 'I played in multi no issues. Fun game. I got the game for the multi player ability because my family loves monopoly and with my travel I’d hoped we could play when I was gone. The game freezes stuck within just a few laps around the board every time. No way to get back to where u were. Wish I could get a refund. Don’t buy this until issues are fixed!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 3, 17, 36), 'userName': 'N84716'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Keeps freezing!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12298896, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are collating all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-09T17:22:35Z'}, 'review': 'I have tried playing two games where about halfway through it will just freeze and not finish the computers turn. Incredibly annoying since I payed $5 for this. Fix this!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 16, 47, 36), 'userName': 'EriC21001'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Keeps glitching :(', 'review': 'Love the game! However it keeps glitching to where I can’t roll the dice and then gets stuck.. My wife and I were trying to play and when my turn came up, it was as if it wasn’t my turn, and I couldn’t roll', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 2, 33, 47), 'userName': 'Qstickley'}, {'review': 'When I play single with programmed opponents….this is the problem that needs a fix….\nIf I am in jail and roll a double to get out my turn is over. If the programed opponents roll doubles to get out of jail free, they get another roll.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 17, 31, 13), 'developerResponse': {'id': 24008515, 'body': 'Hello, please get in touch with our customer support team at help@marmalademail.com so that they can offer direct assistance. For a faster resolution, please be as detailed as possible about the issue you are experiencing. Thank you.', 'modified': '2021-07-19T13:58:22Z'}, 'userName': 'Jaylyn257', 'title': 'Not a review… bug fix needed', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Can you guys please, please, please add a leaderboard and ranking? I think knowing the stats of every game played in comparison to other players would be a great way to keep people playing and pushing for more. There’s no track of total won games, money gained or game losses.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 15, 16, 48, 39), 'developerResponse': {'id': 22853010, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update, we will be adding those features. We hope you’ll enjoy it!", 'modified': '2021-05-17T13:15:58Z'}, 'userName': 'dw3stt', 'title': 'Leaderboard', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I love the game just a few things I’d recommend on the update number 1 being able to communicate to the other players like a custom chat box or something would be great, also to be able to have custom games with online players.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 14, 29, 46), 'userName': 'teyyoung513', 'title': 'Custom chat box', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'The dice rolls dont seem totally “random” at times since I did 4 laps around the board and landed on the same property with the same hotel on it 4, yes 4! Times in a row. Still a very fun game with many options to play and customize.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 12, 1, 9, 51), 'userName': 'Division23', 'title': 'Super fun and easy to play with friends', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Having fun with this game.  It would be even better if you added player statistics, ratings, and all that jazz like many other games have.   Then you know if you’re playing a monopoly pro or someone that doesn’t have a clue at what they’re doing.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 2, 23, 3, 9), 'userName': 'carriellyn', 'title': 'Enjoying the game', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'They all talked about how unfair and dishonest the devs are on a very personal level. Guess the truth hurts. Anyway don’t buy! It’s amazing something so simple as a board game just can’t be pure in this world. God forbid! No! Instead they just can’t resist making into something that cheats and scams you. IT DOESNT EVEN MOVE YOUR PIECE THE CORRECT NUMBER OF SPACES THAT YOU ROLLED ON THE DICE! But, that only happens when you would’ve landed on a property that is for sale. Just garbage. An honestly, u devs should just be ashamed of yourselves!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 23, 17, 41, 28), 'userName': 'Trifitchick', 'title': 'All my 1* reviews were deleted', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I like they have other themes but is there any way they can add the POKÉMON theme board???  I used to own it when they first released it and miss it so much! Would be cool if I could have it on mobile!! Would like to have the POKÉMON tokens as player pieces!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 27, 2, 42, 13), 'userName': 'MisfitBookWorm', 'title': 'Other themes to the boards', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Single player seems rigged. Have played a decent amount of games (approximately 30) have only won twice, due to me literally just buying everything. Odds of computer landing on your housed properties seems insanely low vs you land on their housed properties( have landed on Mediterranean Av. At least 10 times with a hotel and I’m not exaggerating). Never get good community chest or hardly land on them as much as computer.\n\nOnline is slow and glitches to where it’s not even fun.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 12, 0, 19, 35), 'userName': 'bcuaol', 'title': 'Not very fun', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Single player game is programmed to work against you. I’ve played 20+ games, and found it so interesting how my token would rarely land on properties. Also noticed when my token was able to acquire properties & buy houses, the other player tokens would always go to jail while my token had to risk going around the board. What a shame the programmers for this app have taken one of America’s greatest board games and ruined it completely.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 22, 8, 8, 22), 'userName': 'Coston Capital', 'title': '*** HUGE Disappointment ***', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'The game itself is great!!!!! And it’s so nice not having to do any work to keep up with properties and money. HOWEVER I very much dislike that you cannot want points, rewards, stats, etc by winning matches or playing. You have to purchase additions when you should be able to earn them based on play.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 18, 18, 24, 10), 'userName': 'anne1234)78912', 'title': 'Needs earned rewards', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I’ve been experiencing a lot of crashes and delays during the games. That just feels terrible for my game to crash in the middle of it or everytime someone calls me.\nBesides, please add a feature to be able to play online with friends with real people. When I choose the Play Online with Friends option, after my friend joins me, we are not able to match with real people and the only option available is to add bots.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 11, 11, 46, 59), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19734896, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our MONOPOLY app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r\n\nIn regards to your feedback, unfortunately, you are correct. There is no way to play with your friends online. However, \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY. ", 'modified': '2020-12-14T04:40:29Z'}, 'userName': 'User9284', 'title': 'Lots of Game crashes', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'The game is just the game. You paid for the game but you also gotta pay to get other stuff. Even if you win online games, there no point system, so that means you gotta pay for other stuff, there’s no chance of winning them. If that was the case the woulD recommend this game, but it doesn’t so I don’t recommend it.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 6, 0, 42, 56), 'userName': 'Will-lers alot', 'title': 'Classic game, but the app is greedy. You gotta spend real money to get stuff.', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Overall I love the game it’s pretty good I think the amount you have to pay is pretty low for this experience buying the game in real life is much more expensive plus this one is portable and you don’t need Wi-Fi you just need service', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 26, 22, 26, 35), 'userName': 'I play Monopoly', 'title': 'Great', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I love this app and so do my 14 year-old and my 11 year-old. The only thing I don’t like is the occasional glitch. Please add a text that says, “Glitch” so the player can press that to let others know. The texts will always work even when glitching, but the others won’t.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 15, 5, 19, 35), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18053118, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are saddened to hear that you experienced this freezing problem while playing our Monopoly game. We completely understand how frustrating this can be. We are actively listening to our players’ feedback regarding connection instability and game freezes and are doing everything in our power to address them. We desire only the best gaming experience for our players and won’t rest until all known issues are resolved.\r\n\r\nIf you have any questions please send us a message to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. \r\n', 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:48:40Z'}, 'userName': 'Chuqsy', 'title': 'Love It (One Suggestion)', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'This game is impossible to win. The computers are programmed to win at all cost. All concept of “chance” is lost. The game makes sure that you land in all of their properties but somehow they never land on yours. You can be about to win and they have literally 3 properties and they manage to skip all of yours and you keep landing on their 3. It becomes boring and infuriating.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 5, 7, 15, 4), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17767550, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-08T23:06:10Z'}, 'userName': 'jackies24', 'title': 'Dissappointed', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Updated this game this evening and it keeps freezing up. I’ve been playing for 3 months (Covid quarantine) without one glitch and in one night I’ve had to restart my iPad twice. Not much fun now. *Update* The developers sent a reply out which was nice. The game is still freezing up multiple times during one game, I’ll change my review when it resumes normal game play.', 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 15, 23, 36), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17106415, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you are experiencing such bugs in your gameplay. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r\nWe apologize for all the trouble and thank you for your patience. If you have any more problems, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-08-05T21:34:22Z'}, 'userName': 'texaskat', 'title': 'Latest update-game now freezes', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This is a very fun and additive game. The music and graphics are amazing.  The only down side is that the easy version is the only version you can actually win.  The medium and hard are definitely rigged! You always go bankrupt! Ive played it so much I can predict how I will go bankrupt!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 4, 14, 4, 33), 'userName': 'Bronikvan', 'title': 'Fun but rigged for one player version.', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'In the middle of the game when I press “end turn” it won’t let me end the turn it acts like it will for a second and then go back to normal, rinse and repeat it generally happens after I buy houses and hardly happens in the quick version. I’d love to play the game but I can’t finish one. So fix that and it’s a five star game that’s really my only complaint but it’s a large complaint.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 29, 3, 47, 7), 'userName': "i can't find a nickname1837", 'title': 'Please fix this glitch', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I love this game to the fullest the only problem I wish that can change is the message chat to say what we want and to notify the person who’s taking forever or skip them when they not responding.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 26, 23, 25, 46), 'userName': '11-15-12<3', 'title': 'I love this game but‼️', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Worked great for about a week and then One day it stopped letting my friend and I connect to each other.  Each of our phones said the host had a newer version we had to upgrade but we tried to do it with each person as a different host and still did the same thing.  This needs to be fixed especially after we paid for each one on our own...', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 5, 14, 22), 'developerResponse': {'id': 15851914, 'body': "\r\nHello, if all players have version 1.2.1 installed (you can check this on the bottom-right corner of Monopoly's Settings menu), please get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com so that we may further investigate the issue and find a solution for you. Thanks.\r", 'modified': '2020-06-08T14:37:45Z'}, 'userName': 'BigDaddyLongJohn', 'title': 'No longer able to play with friends', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'The only problem we’ve had with this game is the sudden replacements of random players by AI’s in the process of the game. Although this is slightly irksome, this app is very fun and has helped us come together as a family during the covid19 scandal. \nThank you!', 'userName': 'Annoying17', 'title': 'Pretty cool!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 9, 23, 31), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is a great version of monopoly. Don’t leave the screen or you will have to wait to rejoin, it demands your 100% attention. \n\nAdditionally, I usually play the live against other people and I have never won. I always come in 2nd or third. Some would say strategy but the other players usually own double or triple the amount of property I do before negotiations even start? Seems weird.', 'userName': 'ChelseaR1983', 'title': 'Great Game but I’ve never Won', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 14, 15, 13, 50), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Purchased the snow theme board worked fine for a day and then the app had issues for a whole day and wouldn’t allow me to even open up the app.. now that the app is working again it did not save my purchase. Truly enjoy the app just disappointed I had to buy the app in the first place and then have issues with it saving my other purchases.', 'userName': 'nicbagz', 'title': 'Great game when it works.....', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 0, 15, 28), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is a little predictable. I don’t like how I can usually guess my odds of landing on the most expensive spot. Some games, the other players seem to have much better luck. Other than the game of chance being a little off, I could play the game for hours.', 'userName': 'Robinhood419', 'title': 'Chance is unrealistic', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 8, 30, 19), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Everything about this game is great except for the problems that happen when you create a game online. Once the game crashes for one person, which happens just about every game, there is no way to join back so the match is ruined. It crashes quite a bit especially when making trades. Please fix this and the game will be great.', 'userName': 'Brandon6382', 'title': 'Terrible, Online is filled with bugs', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 4, 37, 27), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I cannot stand when games intentionally set up situations for example when someone puts a lot of houses on one place you will definitely hit that place when you have money and when you don’t have money you will hit a chance place and it will give you money. This game is so set up I wish I didn’t waste my money. Do not buy this game unless you like set up fake games that don’t use actual random rolls on the dice.', 'userName': 'BluntGsuperstar', 'title': 'Will update review when fixed.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 2, 19, 8), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Love the game! The only downside is there’s no repercussions for a player online to quit the game. When a player quits the game it completely stops and you cannot continue. There’s got to be something you can do to avoid quit rage???', 'userName': 'Est118', 'title': 'Players quit without repercussions', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 4, 27, 42), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "Do Not Buy this game... Dice rolls are not random.\nDoesnt matter if your playing with friends or the computer... The game provides high dice rolls to the player that's winning in addition to them always landing on their own cards. On average if you are in last place, your opponent laps around you twice for every one lap you do. The game has great potential tho... They need to fix the bug for this. This doesn't make any sense... The game is designed so you don't have to rig the dice.", 'userName': 'OmegaGzero', 'title': "Game is rigged don't buy", 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 26, 3, 52, 10), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game itself is great. However, if you get any sort of notification it kicks you out the game which becomes annoying. Not only that but if you are playing online with friends you can’t even chat. If the app removes you from the game when you close it there should atleast be in app messaging.', 'userName': 'Brookex57', 'title': 'In app messaging would be great', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 21, 41, 1), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'First of all i would like to say that the developers did an amazing job to recreate this on phone. And everything is good. Except the fact that it freezes midgame. Like we would be playing our turns and suddenly somebody elses turn comes and cant really tell if they left the game or if the game froze. YOU SHOULD FIX THIS AS I PAID FOR THIS APP. Only single player mode is playable and the experience is good. But multiplayer is unplayable even with friends. So please DO NOT BUY THIS UNTIL IT IS FIXED.', 'userName': 'Kanishka Roshan', 'title': 'Horrible, DO NOT BUY IT.', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13840811, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We appreciate your kind words and yes, we are aware of the current bugs that are preventing some of our users to play online. Our next update will include a lot of these fixes as well as performance and stability tweaks. Thanks again for taking the time to share your feedback and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2020-03-03T23:47:55Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 1, 18, 9, 23), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game always glitches out, and never lets you finish a game. Someone can be disconnected if they change the brightness or look away quickly at another app. This could easily be fixed if you could be reconnected to the game after you have returned to the app instead of being replaced by an AI. Also for some reason the game will freeze after someones turn and will stay that way unless you exit the game.', 'userName': 'Cloud117117', 'title': 'Can never finish an online game', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 18, 13, 56, 37), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have probably attempted to play over 100 online matches and I have *maybe* completed 5 of those, if that. The game freezes up, or other players leave and it holds the game hostage for everyone else. This needs to be fixed ASAP. Have AI make moves for any player that doesn’t move within a set period of time. What is the point of the timer if it doesn’t do anything?', 'userName': 'Amkersha', 'title': 'Online mechanics are terrible.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 18, 3, 20, 56), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is a classic, with its 3D board it’s a cool apathetic and nice to play with ought fighting over rules, because the game makes everyone stay on track. Big flaw however, the game freezes when playing with friends online and it seems to happen near the end, or when the game just starts to get interesting. The bug needs to be fixed, otherwise why am I paying for a broken game?', 'userName': 'PrettygoodMAF', 'title': 'Fun while it lasts', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 7, 6, 7, 6), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Just like the board game, with some customs rules. 3 stars because the game bugs out pretty often when playing with friends. Someone will reconnect and the map would just freeze then progress would be lost. Please fix this.\n\nWould also like to see some added custom rules and a choice to set starting cash.', 'userName': 'Vikinglsz', 'title': 'Fun but freezes/ bugs', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 31, 9, 54, 59), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'These game is good, but when you’re playing all excited, appears a message that says there is a problem with the connection and all your game is lost.. and other problems like all the buttons to click in the game disappears and all you see is the board and the tokens. \nFIX THIS ASAP PLEASE.. don’t want to think I lose my money.', 'userName': '@allison_chu', 'title': 'Good but crashes', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 31, 2, 41, 17), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Well done. Only found one small bug where trading does not work once one of the AI players has gone bankrupt. When you hit trade it brings up a trade with the bankrupt player, you do not get an option to trade with any other players.', 'userName': 'fugueless_in_seattle', 'title': 'Excellent!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 5, 2, 50), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love it but there’s an issue when playing online against friends.. the game just losses connection and you completely loose your game progress.. at least give the option to re-enter the current game or simply please fix this bug.. overall many thanks the game is very nice.', 'userName': 'Omy3men2', 'title': 'Awesome but...', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 0, 18, 51), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Love this game and was excited to have the app but I’ve only been able to complete 2 games out of probably 25 games. The game freezes and I have to close the app and quit game. So frustrating. Idk if anyone else has this issue but what a disappointment. I’m playing it on a XS MAX and a iPad purchased 2 months ago so no reason for the technical difficulties. Issues have to be with app. They need to fix it.', 'userName': 'nessak', 'title': 'Frustrating', 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12343145, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-11T16:36:57Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 2, 9, 59), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I’m disappointed because this app is nice and has so much potential but I kept trying to play online multiple with my husband and it kept disconnecting me in the middle of the game. We were both using WiFi with good connections. If it’s going to kick you out of the game it should at least give you an option to join back in the game and not make it where the AI takes over and you loose everything you just worked for', 'userName': 'Sara0090', 'title': 'Always disconnects', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12293283, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing connectivity problems and are working hard to fix them. You can expect an update soon! Once again, our apologies for any inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-09T12:50:26Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 1, 56, 4), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Game is ok if playing a live person but playing against computer is a total waste. I deleted the game. When playing against computer having more than 1 other “player” creates a partnership between the “players” other then you. Also computer tokens land frequently on Chance & Community Chest, often earning about $400 on 1 trip around board, while live player loses about $200 per trip landing on these spaces.', 'userName': 'ifdkfklgfklgbxlk', 'title': 'Don’t waste your time!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 19, 25, 19), 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 13, 14, 10, 21), 'review': 'See here’s the thing my family only plays monopoly once on New Years while i want to do it they don’t want to there busy now I have this PERFECT substitute it’s has not glitched on me yet hope not in the future recommend buying', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'it is well made', 'title': 'Best board game EVER', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 22, 12, 18, 14), 'review': 'This game need to offer more, we already had to pay for the game . We shouldn’t have to pay more for the boards and we should be able to change the rules on any game not just with friends. Please add more options to play with friends and change the rules please. Other than that the game is alright', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'kaylenak', 'title': 'More Monopoly', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 1, 6, 13, 44), 'review': 'I have had several games freeze while on my turn multiple times and the only way I can do anything is if I close out of the game completely and start a new one! I am disappointed I paid almost $4 for this to be continually happening! I enjoy the game when it is working properly.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'gusbus4292', 'title': 'Freezing', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 16, 18, 45, 24), 'review': 'Great app design, lots of fun. Would really enjoy sending custom messages without risking loosing connecting. Also add a turn based option for games that are not live. Not all games with strangers who may quit and leave the game in limbo, but with friends who we know, sometimes everyone is ready for bed or needs to take a call.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Fallen006', 'title': 'Please add custom messages', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 18, 37, 42), 'review': 'Fun Monopoly game. The game seems fair within a reasonable doubt. Harder difficulty means smarter AI and not fixed statistics like other games. I do wish the other maps and pieces were unlockable instead of costing real money but other than that no complaints. 👍', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Cheddarball6', 'title': 'Great Game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 22, 20, 14, 21), 'review': 'Happy to see bugs are worked out. Pace could be sped up by removing unnecessary graphic animations.\nNo Bots as far as I can tell in online version - refreshing!\nStill suspicious that dice may be slightly rigged to elongate game. Hope dice will be made truly random.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Movie Reviews mom', 'title': 'Wonderful', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 22, 1, 3, 21), 'review': 'Can’t put my finger on it! After a few games I am left with the sense AI has the upper hand. It just magically happens to role the dice to land on all the right places within a few rounds. Not to mention chance and community chest. AI gets the you have won where as I get go to jail, pay pay pay, and why do I land on all the AI properties one after another after another and when you got m5 left in the wallet and pass go you land up on the m200 tax square. Sigh.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': '0011010000110010', 'title': 'Feels rigged', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19418923, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-29T22:59:36Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 23, 46, 15), 'review': 'This is an amazing game, I absolutely love it. I love the boards and designs and cant wait for new ones. \nI have a few suggestions. \n\nFirst, make it so more than 4 people can play. 6 player games would be so fun, especially with family.\n\nSecond, make more customizable rules, like unlimited houses and hotels, as every family plays Monopoly differently, and that is the beauty of it. \n\nThird, add different game modes like different types of monopoly, such as Monopoly Mega, and other spin-offs of Monopoly. Maybe you could make them paid so you could make a lot of money.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'The Develøper', 'title': 'Amazing, but needs some more', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 19, 20, 57, 50), 'review': 'I do enjoy this, but there is a very annoying feature in the design, which is that when you receive an offer from another player, you have to evaluate it from memory - the offer is pasted over the board and you can’t move it around to see the board. Very poor design.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Pinelady', 'title': 'Fun, but a glitch in design', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 3, 16, 33, 42), 'review': 'Graphics are great and the extra boards and tokens are fun. However, the themes are a bit pricy. Also, the alien token bounces from space to space which I think it should hover from space to space for theoretical authenticity. I’d give it 5 stars if the themes were cheaper ($4.99 or less).', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Me and Alice', 'title': 'Well done!', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17767564, 'body': "Hi! I can assure you that we are not scammers. Our mission is to provide fun games and revive childhood memories with our board games, such as Monopoly. We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however, we can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-08T23:07:51Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 3, 11, 11), 'review': 'I’m beginning to think this game is a money scam. The easy level is very difficult for younger players and some who have tried found that level difficult. Perhaps they need to add a very easy. Are the creators of this game scammers?\n\nUpdate: I I received a very nice reply to my admittedly critical review and will give the game further opportunities. If I see some events that do not look random I will certainly contact the help center.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Greghales', 'title': 'Scam?', 'isEdited': True}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 8, 6, 20, 23), 'review': 'I haven’t played monopoly in YEEARS! My sister bugged me about paying for this game so my family and I can all play in a group. I totally forgot to how to play so I played a couple of practice rounds and got addicted all over again. I’m so competitive and this is so worth it.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'PeertyKitty', 'title': 'Soooo much fun!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 18, 0, 3, 2), 'review': 'Paid for all the boards and tokens, have to uninstall and reinstall game to get different boards and can’t change country on classic. Then it shows I don’t own the bonus boards and will end up with a classic game with a different country that it picks at randomly while showing it is in USA.  Total waste of $$', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'H3ADPOPPER', 'title': 'Great game, bonus pack glitchy ripoff', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 21, 21, 12, 4), 'review': 'My children and I love playing Monopoly together. The mobile version saves time on setup and cleanup which is a plus. Rarely the game lags and stops in the middle of a game, which is frustrating. We usually just start over but if it was an intense game it stopped on, we don’t.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Mooocchhie', 'title': 'Great Family Game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 22, 1, 41), 'review': 'I love this game but the only problem is that it is very finicky and will sometimes get stuck on someone’s turn or your turn and basically you have to quit the app and start a new match. So I hope they fix this but other than that it’s great!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'DrMarv1n', 'title': 'Great When it Works', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 16, 5, 12, 43), 'review': 'The game is really fun, but at least 1/3 of my games freeze and I have to leave or another player’s game freezes and the amount of time we have played was waisted. :( This annoying glitch in the game needs to be repaired. It’s disappointing to be almost finished with a game and the whole thing freeze!', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'WoodardAM24', 'title': 'The game is fun but freezes way too much...', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 16, 6, 58), 'review': 'This is terrible. There’s another version of this game that got pulled from the App Store that was WAY better. There’s no way to skip the stupid fancy animations this one. The only local multiplayer is pass your tablet (or I guess phone because that’s what this mode was designed for) whereas in the other version you got a tabletop mode. It was very much like playing a normal Monopoly game, but the computer did all the hard work. If I could rate this zero stars I would.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': '1unacy', 'title': 'lunacy', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 6, 21, 52), 'review': 'I rarely leave reviews however, I will this time. Game has an opportunity to be really fun and with the current times where everyone is stuck at home, it has the opportunity to generate a lot of money. My problem is, the online game keeps freezing! Sometimes an hour into the game! I have a 300mb connection with an iPhone 11 pro. I’m done playing this joke of a game!', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'molv4stocms', 'title': 'Don’t waste your time', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 0, 31, 21), 'review': 'I had the free app made by EA for years and loved it. I decided to pay for this so I could continue playing online with friends, but the online play is awful. If you go away from the screen for any reason, you are removed from the game and cannot return. I even was removed from a game before the first roll because I tried to reply to a text from the person I was supposed to be gaming with! Fix multiplayer!', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'DangerBagel', 'title': 'Online multiplayer is a joke', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 16, 11, 37), 'review': 'Playing with family members throughout the day is impossible! Any notification kills the game and cannot resume. \n\nWe want to be able to play and resume at later times with the same members. Even after we exit the app. Maybe it expires in a day if no one rolls or something like that. \n\nI hope this is implemented in future updates.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'MegaDM', 'title': 'Online games need a pause and resume!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Andrews92!', 'review': 'This game feeezes in the middle of my game which took so long to get where I am. It freezes when I’m actually winning. This is so frustrating...please fix this issue on online multiplayer!!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 7, 29, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Freezing connection issues'}, {'userName': 'ByronIsTurnt', 'review': "It's fun but if you exit and online game even for a quick second, it will disconnect you. When I want to play with friends, sometimes I want to say something to them but I can't because the game will get screwed up. PLEASE MAKE A CHAT BOX or something! But it's a great game. It just NEEDS A CHAT BOX. asap", 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 17, 16, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Please Make a Chat Function!'}, {'userName': 'bj 10 12', 'review': 'While normally playing is great, having to constantly reconnect takes away from the fun. Also after your phone dies it does not allow you to reconnect to the game. If that could be fixed I’d give this game a 5.\nAlso if you can make a feature where you can choose whether or no you would like an AI to play for you.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 24, 1, 41, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun game!'}, {'userName': 'Tcb1886', 'review': 'I used to play a monopoly game online years age that was simple and quick. This game would be that but it makes you watch your game piece jump down the board which takes forever. Besides that, there is no way of knowing if you are playing against a real person or bot. 2.5 stars.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 2, 37, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Takes too long for no reason'}, {'userName': 'yuuummmmmy', 'review': 'This is a very fun game where you can interact with others and and learn the basic rules of monopoly there is one problem though when you are playing multiplayer it is often laggy and might give you a hard time. Overall this is a very fun game and I hope you get it!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 3, 1, 29, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun?'}, {'userName': 'Ra Society', 'review': 'I’m a huge fun of monopoly been playing this since I was about 17yr!!! We own about idk 😐 20 different monopoly’s game boards! It would be great to see different themes on the app here to play like mafia or Nintendo or a etc etc I pay for that at a reasonable price! I’m taking this knowledge an apply this in real life FACTS 💯💯💯', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 7, 45, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'You know what would be great?!?'}, {'userName': 'Meembutter', 'review': 'Great concept and good multiplayer online section but it freezes so often probably when somebody receives a call on their phone forcing it to stop play.....Make it so the computer takes over on hard level when somebody drops off plus the ability for that player to rejoin and you have an A1 App for sure also the ability to message other players in the game during the game is well needed', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 8, 21, 17, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Could be the best app if fixed'}, {'userName': 'Iphon_user', 'review': 'There’s nothing more annoying than playing the game for over an hour and have the game randomly crashed on you or get disconnected for not apparent reason! \nAnd yes I’ve checked my internet connection and there aren’t any problems there.\nI think the crash is mostly due to a player leaving the game or getting disconnected.\nFix it! \nI wish I can get my money back! Smh', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 19, 24, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Online Multiplayer is really bad'}, {'userName': 'Jeep89JV', 'review': 'Purchased this game and enjoyed it, up until my turn froze and never allowed me to roll. After playing a few more games I’ve now experienced the game so the same exact thing during other players turns. \n\nThis game is simply a waste of time with this issue unfortunately, you would think there would be a vote to boot a player who isn’t responsive after “x” amount of time so everyone doesn’t completely SOL.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 5, 26, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Crashes Too Frequently'}, {'userName': 'Brittw25', 'review': 'Also it would be nice to have more than one board to choose from without having to purchase it.  And maybe some new player pieces to unlock or something as an incentive to keep playing.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 18, 51, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Really fun but almost impossible to win'}, {'userName': 'whodieWHO', 'review': 'Like other users have stated, it’s frustrating playing in the online multiplayer game. When a player doesn’t play, it should skip them or kick them out. You end up just having to quit and start a new game because otherwise you’ll just sit there. \n\nLove the game though, when if doesn’t freeze.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 18, 54, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fix Multiplayer Game!'}, {'userName': 'Twheels91', 'review': 'It’s a great game, however when you play online it takes a long time to finish just because people try to wait for people to leave. There needs to be a timer for players to make a decision to allow quicker gameplay instead of just waiting for them to get back to playing.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 3, 27, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good Game but needs a timer!'}, {'userName': 'sammipunk', 'review': 'I really enjoy this game! Unfortunately, I was forced to delete it due to the extreme drain on my battery it has. When I checked it compared to my other apps, it was using 62% of my battery, vs the 1-10% that my other apps use, even when it’s closed. That translated to my iPad losing 1% battery for every minute the game was installed. That’s unacceptable in a device that should be lasting me most of the day.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 23, 13, 20, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Battery drain'}, {'userName': 'Evelyn Edwards', 'review': 'It’s super fun to play with friends until the app freezes. I have the newest iPhone and all of my software and apps are updated to the most recent update. I’ve had this app for 5 days now, and every single time I’ve gone to play, about 25 minutes in, it freezes, which results in me being disconnected. I would really like to be reimbursed for this. What a waste.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 23, 7, 57, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s fun until it doesn’t work'}, {'userName': "little lamb '12", 'review': 'It is ok for gameplay for single player BUT once you use the online player function game freezes during trades and does not recover... it also says at other times that i am offline even though my ipad shows a full set of bars. After paying for this app i hope you improve it...', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 15, 42, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many bugs'}, {'userName': 'ladygold55', 'review': 'I know it’s opening night for the game, but I’m not even able to play it at all. Everytime I click to play multiplayer online it freezes on the screen of the board and nothing pops up. I’ve tried restarting it over and over and still nothing. I’ll be pretty upset if I paid $4 for a game I LOVED growing up, just to not be able to play it. Hope this gets fixed soon.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 6, 22, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hopes were high'}, {'userName': 'EmolyB102', 'review': 'I love the game but feel like it has many more issues than it should. If it’s an app we’re paying $3.99 for, it should work. Almost daily there is an issue with either my playing/app or someone else’s who is in the game, ruining and ending the game for everyone else. It’s extremely frustrating!!', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 23, 54, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many glitches'}, {'userName': 'azxscdmeksjs', 'review': 'Yes-  you heard correct-  when you are playing a game with another player, you cant continue this game at another time-  the game ends when you stop playing.  A support agent returned my email and said this feature is planned for a future update.  Unless you have hours at a time to finish a game,  you would have to find another monopoly app to allow you to complete a game in more than one session.  The graphics are AWESOME though..', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 3, 21, 57, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cant continue Game'}, {'userName': 'Cmar7*4', 'review': 'I’m 30 minutes into an online game and it glitches and won’t let me roll or any other player roll. It freezes! How irritating especially after you close the app and reopen it, you have to start a WHOLE NEW GAME!!! It not like the game is free, you have to pay for it. I have high expectations for a game they’re making you pay money for. There are free games out there with less glitches than this.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 15, 1, 8, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Glitches during online Gameplay'}, {'userName': 'BrieBlake', 'review': 'For a paid game you should offer more free characters for us to play as. And more board options too! I think it’s ridiculous that we have to pay for this game and we only get the classic game board.. at least let us earn tokens or something so we can get more boards and characters. Until that stuff is added it’s a complete rip off.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 27, 2, 19, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Super fun! But kind of a ripoff'}, {'review': 'I’m so glad you can put custom rules and you don’t have to bother with setting up the whole game. I can even play with family members without the actual board. If you love playing monopoly this is a perfect app for you!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 17, 11, 4), 'title': 'Awesome Game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Justin13115'}, {'review': 'I wish there were some challenges and leaderboards.. it’s a lot of fun, but it doesn’t keep me wanting to come back. If there were some weekly challenges, Stats, and leaderboards I would feel like I’m playing for more than just something to pass time.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 2, 20, 2, 31), 'title': 'Great game but...', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kittypounder'}, {'review': "Love this game. It's my all time favorite board game. Since my kids are grow and gone I don't have anyone to play with. I just started playing a few days ago and I'm addicted already. Love it.   No complaints for me. I can play for hours.", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 5, 39, 51), 'title': 'Addicted', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DianeBinGEORGIA'}, {'review': 'I love playing Monopoly - by myself even. I just purchased the French iPad edition. I wish the inside board with the river, buildings etc had a zoom feature that I could use to study the city and geography.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 25, 23, 26, 30), 'title': 'Additional Feature?', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'FayeMusic'}, {'review': 'Oh, I wanted to love this game.  It has so much going for it!   But the AI is flawed so terribly.   One AI player will trade to its own detriment with another for no apparent reason.   It happens time and time again on all difficulties.  One AI player has two of one color, and a second AI gets the third.   That second player will invariably traded with the first, even if the trade gives the 2nd player gains no comparable property.  It ruins the game, sadly.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 6, 3, 41, 41), 'title': 'Great game but AI has fatal flaws', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kmk78701'}, {'review': 'I love this game a lot and can’t stop playing it. \nHope the developer can allow you to invite friends to play online multiplayers with other player online would be great.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 25, 2, 7, 34), 'title': 'Play with your friend online', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ưssd', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17519440, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I've forwarded your idea to our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features, so if you have more ideas that you wish to see in Monopoly, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-26T15:53:38Z'}}, {'review': 'If you like the original board game then I would definitely recommend. Very pleased with graphics, easy to play and understand options that make this better than the board game to me.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 8, 36, 34), 'title': 'Monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Zorro Rozic', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16055483, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your review! We really appreciate your words :)! We hope you continue to have a blast with our game! If you have questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com.', 'modified': '2020-06-17T23:36:52Z'}}, {'review': 'I’m not sure if it’s a glitch or wait time may be to dang long like this sentence. Please fix ASAP. Would love to keep winning. Oh it happens when you trade properties with the other players.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 6, 22, 15, 27), 'title': 'Great game except it freezes up during gameplay', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Townerx3'}, {'review': 'Online can be boring due to players giving up & giving away there money and property’s away for free 😣! Playing on hard on single player I have since crazy trades as well 😣😣! Overall I enjoy playing 4/5', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 27, 22, 53, 28), 'title': 'Playing', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dee3900'}, {'review': 'I bought the board game the other day which is also fun. I didn’t quite understand how the mortgage rules worked until I did single player and played electronically. Now I know.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 27, 3, 44, 10), 'title': 'Excellent Way to Learn the Rules', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'gowriter98', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15616576, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that you are having a good time with our Monopoly game :)! If you have questions like how mortgage works, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We are here for you! ", 'modified': '2020-05-28T05:37:56Z'}}, {'review': 'I enjoy it. It does lock up or players quit playing which is aggravating as you can’t tell so you have to exit. It would be nice to speak to each other or add friends.  I’ve enjoyed playing this with my Son.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 20, 0, 58, 12), 'title': 'BuyIt', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DWirth'}, {'review': 'Updates worked great so far! I really like the in game chat. I think it’d be cool if they added a way for players to add each other as friends in the multiplayer online games and play against each other again.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 12, 11), 'title': 'Noice', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nekringer', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15352408, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review! We appreciate you letting us know that you enjoy our new update. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a possible future update, users will be able to add each other as friends in order to play together again. We hope your experience with Monopoly keeps improving! ", 'modified': '2020-05-16T00:52:08Z'}}, {'review': 'I just got this game a few days ago. Been playing non-stop and it’s fun. However for the third time I’ve been playing a game where I have a clear Advantage to win and the game will freeze on a players turn. It will just blink on the players board piece and nothing is happening. As if it’s stuck in Programming loop. Needs to be fixed ASAP. Check your coding, the glitch happens when’s theirs too many offers and counter offers involved.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 16, 56, 39), 'title': 'Game freezes', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'spawn135'}, {'review': 'Me and my friend have been playing it a lot. We both love monopoly enjoy the game, but about 1/5 of the games we play get frozen and glitches and we have to restart which can be annoying, especially if we had been playing for an hour or two.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 19, 10, 36, 11), 'title': 'It’s a game.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Classymate07'}, {'review': 'Way to many bugs on this app. Especially on my iPad it plays in extreme slow motion.... the movements are robotic. On my iPhone it takes over and makes moves for me. And sometimes during auctions it causes me to loose the property because it takes over and I can’t bid.... smh what a shame I love monopoly. I’m contemplating getting a refund; I’ve only had the game for maybe 2 weeks now. Fix these bugs!', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 4, 4, 11), 'title': 'Bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Frustrated to bits'}, {'review': 'Do not get this game if you have an iPhone X or newer. Every time you press the button towards the bottom of the screen it thinks you exit the app and says reconnecting and an AI plays for you and makes dumb trades and sells hotels when it is completely unnecessary and causes you to lose. The experiences I have had with this app have been so horrible that I have will not be getting any more apps made from this developer. Thank you for coming to my TED talk', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 5, 36, 38), 'title': 'Reconnecting...', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bunddstubkofsrgcni'}, {'review': 'I had a Get out of Jail free card, but could never use it. I never had the option to apply it it. I owned red and yellow properties. I was trying to purchase Park Place since I already owned Boardwalk.  I went to jail 3 times in a row and could never get around to Park Place. While in jail, I couldn’t use my Get out of jail free card. I agree with others when they say the first roll is always a 10.  I would prefer my money back since there is no chance to ever win.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 5, 6, 22), 'title': 'Unfair', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ladystroller'}, {'review': 'After multiple tries, we finally got a game going, but it froze for one player. I tried to refresh the app to fix the problem. But the game disappeared there was no way to re-access the game. The app does not allow you to switch between texting or another app and then jump back in at your turn. It just boots you out. So you literally can not do anything else on your phone the ENTIRE game.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 24, 23, 53, 53), 'title': 'Impossible to play with friends', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Awhester'}, {'review': 'This app is very finicky. Lots of bugs when trying to join an online multiplayer game. Once in the game, app frequently loses connection to the internet (when the phone is still connected to active internet). If any player goes out of the app to respond to a text or do anything else, AI takes over very quickly and takes their turn for them. Very annoying. Definitely not worth $3.99', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 24, 0, 21, 51), 'title': 'Terrible Online Multiplayer Feature', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kurt Gonska'}, {'review': 'The game is very well designed and when it works, plays very well. However, around 75% of the games I’ve played buged out in the middle of a game. This makes playing the game very annoying especially when you’re getting close to winning a long game and then it glitches and disconnects from the game entirely. Very disappointing but has potential.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 19, 21, 42, 15), 'title': 'Too many bugs and glitches', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '361brownieboy'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'App is great but I think a good improvement would be allowing multiplayer to be turn based without having to be on your phone so people aren’t having to sit at their phone for an entire game. It will slow for people to play a game with friends throughout a day.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 14, 54, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'apowpos', 'title': 'Multiplayer'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'The last 13 games I have played have either ended with me randomly disconnecting, or the game just freezing randomly whenever a bot try’s to manage mortgaged properties. I want this game to be good, but it’s so horribly glitchy right now that it’s online mode is unplayable. Please fix the game, and next time don’t release a game this bad. Make sure it actually works before going to the App Store.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 19, 54, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bru2017', 'title': 'Game is fun but can’t be completed'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'The game has a lot of potential but definitely not worth $4. It barely works and always freezing. That’s just the main the main problem. There’s not structure when people you’re playing with just decide to up and leave the game after 40+ minutes of playing and leaving the game stuck. \n\nThe older monopoly game by Hasbro on the App Store is a little dated and can only play against computers but at least it’s reliable.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 29, 2, 30, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Daesha :)', 'title': 'It’s ok when it works..'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'There use to be free version that had better customization, namely u could have all property predistributed to help move along the games pace and also u could increase or decrease the amount of money u started with. The game works and runs smooth moreless tho so that’s a plus.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12320576, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are all very good suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T15:00:51Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 19, 38, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'goDJ', 'title': 'Old version better'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'This online game is very, extremely unreliable!!! Frequently disconnects in online game. Every time I play online with my friend will be disconnected eventually. No matter I create the room or him, we will be disconnected eventually, even though our networks, WiFi, signals are good. It is very crazy that once we disconnected, we lose all the game progress and have to start a new game again. It makes us very very upset and disappointed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 5, 7, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Stannnnnnn123', 'title': 'Frequently disconnected in online game'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'It’s so frustrating when you are just about to win and the game just freezes \nI read a review about the freezing a lot before buying it and i thought it was fixed based on your replies to them, but apparently it wasn’t fixed\nIt happens a lot and for a game that takes a lot of time.. its a big probelm. \nIf it gets fixed in the future i will change my review and rating, for now I’m frustrated so it’s a one star!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 16, 28, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ammar sameer', 'title': 'Freezing all the time'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I really love Monopoly and I was excited for this apo, I’ve had no problems playing with AI but I can’t say the same thing about the online games, I’ve just had one complete match, all the other ones end up freezing at some point and it’s getring annoying given the fact that I paid 4 dollars for an app. Please fix this ASAP.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 1, 38, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Shuffledup', 'title': 'Almost Unplayable'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I thought it was just coincidence at first, but the games dice mechanic is very obviously rigged. I started keeping tract of how depending on the difficulty level of the AI pieces you went against to see how often you landed on a spot owned by the AI, compared to when the spot was not owned by AI. The likelihood of landing on that specific spot when owned by the AI is over 300%, while them landing in your area drops almost 50% bellow the norm. \n\nFor instance... I had 6 properties (all were monopolized ) and the hard level AI has 2 properties monopolized.\n\nOver the next 10 times around the board the AI landed on any of my 6 properties 1 time, while I landed on one of their 2 properties 4X.\n\nSo if you play, only play with friends or in the multiplayer area... other wise you are playing against loaded dice.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 15, 5, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'DerekPurvis', 'title': 'Rigged...'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I have played about 5 different games and every time the game goes into about an hour of playing it will freeze on us and we have to start all over. I do not buy apps and would expected that if I am paying I would at least be able to get through one game with out problems. Not to mention that if you get out of the game to reply to a text it kicks you out and you are not able to reconnect.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 23, 5, 47, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sln82489', 'title': 'Game keeps freezing'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'There are alot of updates this game needs for it to be top tier...its a great game but alot of the fixes need to go towards the online friends play. When you play with your friends you want to communicate some how, via voice or text....Also there is no way to pause play...the second u back out, game over...maybe a pause timer??', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493696, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are actively listening to all of our players' feedback, and in a future update we will be adding a feature that allows players to rejoin a match after briefly leaving it. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:37:31Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 23, 48, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ThatBoyyFrank', 'title': 'Needs'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'This game is monopoly there’s nothing new but it’s still monopoly, I love it!\n\nBut unfortunately the devs decided it was a good idea to launch it before testing it. Now we’re stuck with bugs that don’t allow you to progress in the game so you have to quit and you can’t rejoin. That is a major issue. Nobody wants to look like a quitter.. ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY ARE WINNING...', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12493748, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T17:42:02Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 22, 46, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nicknameefsw', 'title': 'Major bugs but good game'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I have tried to play at least 10 matches online, and Every time I try to play a match online it freezes mid game, I have never actually been able to finish a game. Also if you leave the app for anything or someone calls you, you won’t be able to jump back in the game. My recommendation don’t buy the game until it has a major update. Terrible experience so far.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12343802, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Furthermore, you can use our website's contact form to send us a message or send us an email to contactus@marmalademail.com. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.\r\n\r\n", 'modified': '2019-12-11T17:23:38Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 18, 42, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'aaron121255', 'title': 'Game needs a lot of work, especially the online mode.'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love the layout and I’m happy you finally created an online multiplayer monopoly game but there are a lot of glitches like the game freezes and stops working. I hope you fix this problem soon! Looking forward to playing this game more often!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 22, 11, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'VRoz', 'title': 'Good game but needs some fixes'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I agree with the complaints on AI.  If you want to play a game where the AI constantly rolls doubles, lands on the best properties, never lands in jail, etc., then this is the game for you.  Randomness was not programmed well.\n\nEdit:  after a few days of playing, I have deleted the game.  Too many people complaining about the same terrible AI.  The game does every move that’s beneficial to it, and every move that is detrimental to you.  The developers really screwed up on what could have been a good game.  Pure incompetence.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 19, 32, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dcdjr23', 'title': 'AI is Rigged'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game is great overall. Very happy with how it plays and really enjoy being able to play with my friends that have it too. However, the game doesn’t allow you to step away from the game like you can in single player mode and pick up where you left off. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 16, 26, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SJFalsetto', 'title': 'Pausing Online'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'In really liken this game, but you better have done EVERYTHING you need to do before starting to play.. if you go to play some music or check another app, you get kicked out and replaced by AI. Should really be a way to go out and come back in with a grace period or something.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 12, 6, 5, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Escapeartistjones', 'title': 'Really like it... when it works and doesn’t kick you out..'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Graphics were changed and the game no longer works on the 11” iPad Pro. Cannot click the right side properties.  Passing GO doesn’t always show the additional $200 (even though it is there). Properties don’t always have solid colors on them on all iPads. Finally they moved the completed turn button to the left, no idea why. Bottom line, it is a mess.  We play it all the time and they broke it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 22, 54, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mnipader', 'title': 'Last update broke the game'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'When I first got in the game the names of the properties were all in Spanish despite me checking multiple times to make sure the language was set to English. It still won’t fix and I literally bought the game today and it’s already broken. Secondly you should add some way to where the AI doesn’t do the same repetitive actions. It is fun just needs to be fixed', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23178185, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-06-03T14:59:50Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 2, 5, 10, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'OceanicWave', 'title': 'Need to fix'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Have played 7 games now, lost every single one, all with the AI set to “Easy”. I varied my strategies, eventually tried to copy the successful AI (for me, my nemesis, Duck). Noticed that when I was juuust getting ahead, I was sent to jail. Sometimes landed on Go To Jail, often drew a Chance or Community Chest card... the AI players never seemed to suffer as much as me (I was sent to jail 5 times in a single game. Seriously?). I wonder: if I purchase more add-ons, might my luck improve? I’m not gonna pay to find out.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 24, 3, 21, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Anglophrenic', 'title': 'AI Stacks The Deck'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I love monopoly in app as it automatically does everything (such as bank related stuff) and cheating is not an option here, however there is just A LOT of animation going on that just takes up too much time. There should be an option at least to remove these animations and make the game simpler and quicker. The game now looks like its made for just 6 year old giving them all of this unnecessary animation.\n\nALSO WHY ISN’T THERE A SIMPLE BOARD? THESE BOARDS ARE VERY MUCH UGLY AND DISTRACTING', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 10, 7, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ahmedii1', 'title': 'Improve the game'}, {'review': 'You should make it so we can go back in the online with friends and not have to play it all the time and make it so we can go back in when ists our turn.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Suggestion', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 29, 14, 42, 25), 'userName': 'Supergamer5443'}, {'review': 'Needs to be able to be put on hold/pause. I bought it but I am not playing it because I have to start a new game, when I still want to finish the game I was playing.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'One problem', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 18, 19, 59, 23), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18053323, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I am happy to tell you that the team is already working on a feature that will allow you to rejoin private matches, ultimately letting you pause the game in order to continue at a later date.\r\nIf you have more questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com ', 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:57:02Z'}, 'userName': 'Chattr'}, {'review': 'Everybody knows a game of monopoly takes a while.  I got this game to play with friends, and planned to play a game over a span of time like most games allow.  Get. Roll in here or there when the other is able.  The game will be lost of both player close it; something that has to be done regardless of time, because you cannot message in game, and need to leave the game to send a message.  Total waste of money.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not good for playing with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 22, 0, 20, 25), 'userName': 'Lesser260'}, {'review': 'Ever since I downloaded the update 1.30 when my wife and I play on our own devices in online play constantly we will get to a point where it won’t let me or her end our turn and forcing us to force close the game and start over.\n\nDisappointing because we both have played together daily since we downloaded the game.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Wont let me end turn', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 11, 8, 13, 13), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18462215, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our MONOPOLY app. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs.\r\n\r\nIf you have more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-13T23:56:03Z'}, 'userName': 'Rushmorex11'}, {'review': 'Purchase season pass on able to use any of the content that I purchased for myself or for another individual on my family account. Should I be able to have a family member using a family account access these features also? But I at least should be able to use them myself right? Probably will send a refund request soon if it doesn’t start working.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Season pass??', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 2, 3, 12, 56), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18261027, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are sorry to hear that you are unable to use your Season Pass content. Unfortunately, due to some restrictions set by Apple, all in-app purchases are not shareable with Family Sharing. However, you are correct. You should be able to use it in the main account. Firstly, you should be able to restore your purchases by tapping the “Restore Purchases” button from the game’s Settings menu. If it doesn't work, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com with the following information: Should the issue persist despite the above instructions, please supply the following: - Receipt or proof of purchase of the in-app content. - A screenshot of the game’s Settings menu. The string of characters on the bottom left of that screen must be visible so that we may identify your device on our database. This screenshot should be taken on the device that is missing the in-app purchases.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-04T21:07:49Z'}, 'userName': 'DaSaP'}, {'review': 'The only thing I would adjust is that players have more timers at the end of their turn. Like 1 minute, because people leave the game and we are all waiting to play, and sometimes it’s as long as 5 minutes that go by. It gets really annoying.\nOtherwise, GREAT GAME!! 😁', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 23, 5, 17, 41), 'userName': 'SwansAdventures'}, {'review': 'If we could chat we could really get more engaged. Plus like Yahtzee we could have a list of the people we play and find them again easier.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love this game but wish we could chat!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 3, 18, 12, 31), 'userName': 'george302'}, {'review': 'I prefer playing single player games due to the lag in multiplayer games.  Also, sometimes in multiplayer games the AI is pretending to be a human, you can tell.\n\nAnother problem with the game is that in single player mode, the dice are not random.  If they could recreate the chance and randomness of real rolling dice and the chance cards, the game would be great.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not so random AI', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 15, 30, 43), 'userName': 'Smoke Parker'}, {'review': 'Like I had 75% properties owned and the last computer player managers to go around the board three times without landing on a single one. Meanwhile I landed in their three properties in a row with hotels in two consecutive turns and then on their other patch the next dice roll. The game wasn’t the same after that.\nLoaded dice! Liars and cheaters shouldn’t be rewarded, so I have to call out these guys. Defeats the point of the game which is to kill some time and have some entertainment.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Loaded dice!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 14, 25, 28), 'userName': 'George.clooney'}, {'review': 'I love the option to play quick rounds.  I have learned how to master monopoly with this game.  So much fun during this time in the world.  I can play with my daughters and we are in different parts of the country.  You helped us to connect.  Thank you!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Renee M.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 20, 8, 17), 'userName': 'rho2lake'}, {'review': 'The dice is rigged. There are million ways for the player to lose when against computers. There are always rounds and rounds which they miraculously skip to pay rent by landing on all the non-yours tiles; yet there are a high chance to keep paying rent and lend on other tiles. The probability is too odd to be random.\n\nWhy rigged the dice roll of AIs? Just let the freaking thing be a true random. Right now you pretty much know who’s gonna win within the first few rounds.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Bugs and rigged dice roll', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 2, 20, 40, 52), 'developerResponse': {'id': 15740882, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com\n\r\n", 'modified': '2020-06-03T05:27:47Z'}, 'userName': 'Pachi-j'}, {'review': 'Used to love this game, but the new chat "feature" is so annoying.  As soon as it is your turn you have some yahoo texting "hurry up”.  Or when you don’t do a trade (that is terrible for you) they text "wow" or "hmmm".  Get rid of this, or at least make it an option you can disable please!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Hate the new chat feature!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 18, 49, 18), 'userName': 'Liz from Neenah'}, {'review': "The controls need to take into account where the system controls on a full screen device. There've been several times where iv been kicked out of a game because the controls are too close.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good but could be better', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 18, 31, 51), 'userName': 'B.C.Ross'}, {'review': "I like playing but online multiplayer is seriously broken. Anytime an opponent is losing they just leave the game and it freezes for everyone. Why can't you fix this already. Are we supposed to play with robots in regular mode??? Come on guys. Get your stuff together. Kick players that don't make a move in 15 seconds or something. Replace with a robot. I don't care. Just fix it.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Fix your app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 2, 46, 28), 'userName': 'Tony the tiger shark'}, {'review': 'Online multiplayer is AWFUL! Players can propose unlimited trades, take as much time as they want, and then basically force you to quit the game. There needs to be a force for players who are inactive to either auto-roll their turn or kick them out. I have played 10 online multiplayer games and  have yet to finish one because the game hangs when someone doesn’t move on their turn. Ridiculously poor design.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Online Multiplayer is Awful!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 19, 55, 18), 'userName': 'CJetX'}, {'review': 'When it works it’s great. Multiple games freezing in the middle which most times, such as the most recent, is after investing 45+ minutes into the game. Huge waste of time. This happens 50% of the games that are played. This is not an new issue of higher traffic with the stay-at-home restrictions. This has been happening for months. Would not recommend wasting even $4 on this app. Save your time and money.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not recommended', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 3, 40, 24), 'userName': 'Everynameistakenwtfkyfcj'}, {'review': 'When I play online with my family and it always freezes! So many bugs online that need to be fixed! It’s a great game besides the online glitches and bugs. \n Thanks', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fix Online Play!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 18, 56, 2), 'userName': 'GamerPlayz123'}, {'review': 'The only down side is when someone texts you and you leave app it freezes and sometimes boots you from the game. Which is frustrating when you’re winning', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'The best!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 8, 13, 40), 'userName': 'BillyBlanksJr'}, {'review': 'On the iPhone, Hasbro did a great job challenging the difficulty settings, has statistics and easier to use. This versions, The visuals are lovely but the graphics block the game board and it’s hard to add houses or mortgage.  I do enjoy it but needs improvements.  Oh and please change the auto auction function.   I looked away for a few seconds and it sold a house for $20.  WT HUH?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'iPhone version is better by Hasbro', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 1, 11, 5, 5), 'userName': 'CassieTaps'}, {'review': 'The game have fake players and they always seem land on all the properties. I keep going to jail over and over and paying all these taxes while the other players seem to pass the by. I just feel like this game is totally rig and wants you to lose. I do recommend this game at all and Monopoly support team I would like to have my money back into store credit. For the record reviewers I played this game over and over it just get frustrating.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Totally trash', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 10, 12, 5), 'userName': 'Infiniti_King'}, {'review': 'Every single multiplayer game I have played has froze. I don’t know if it’s when someone leaves the game it does this or not. But it just stops in the middle every single time please fix this issue', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Multiplayer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 24, 4, 25, 23), 'userName': 'Vic Van Lier', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'The game is really cool but the app is absolutely terrible. It took 6 degrees and 20+ minutes to login bc none of the user codes would work & it kept saying we weren’t on WiFi which we all were. Ended up purchasing apps on multiple devices until it worked. Then we were 1.5 hr into the game and got kicked out and couldn’t re enter the game. So frustrating!!!!!! Unacceptable. Also, game needs instant messages and more than 4 player option.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 28, 5, 42, 4), 'userName': 'Nhellis', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Playing online is fun. I just hope with the next update it wouldn’t lag as much. Idk if it’s my WiFi or the app. Other than that and having a history of how many games I won, etc. I love this game so much.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Online play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 14, 29, 4), 'userName': 'tootnlove', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I really enjoy this game. But my friend and I downloaded this game at the same time and when we try to play a game together, we get a notification that the other person has a newer version and vise versa. Besides that, I’ve had no other issues.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Online with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 2, 2, 12), 'userName': '1rach2', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'The game itself is great and I love to play it often but it is very rare that I ever end up completing a game in it’s entirety. It is so often that the game crashes and it does nor get to be completed whether it is online multiplayer or online with bots. I would love to be able to finish games in their entirety on a consistent basis as that’s what I expected I payed for. All in all though it’s a good game. Please fix the crashes lol', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game Crashes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 16, 2, 28, 49), 'userName': '12345689071', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Ive played 3 online games already and they all crash mid way. Its a glitch where everytime someone goes past the timer it glitches and stays in a loading screen and then the game crashes. Its very upsetting since this game is a game of 1-2 hours and for it to finish like this makes me regret spending my money. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP. ALSO, a designated timer where it moves to the next person because some people take like 2 minutes to decide their next move.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'GAME CRASHES MID GAME', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 20, 9, 7), 'userName': '1TFUUUU', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Love the game but I would like to see chat and also to be able to click on the board when it’s not my turn. The reason for the 3 stars is because the number of spaces moved sometimes does not match the number of the dice. That is a huge glitch and should be fixed. Makes me wonder if this is a way of controlling who wins.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 1, 20, 37), 'userName': 'cribru11', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Great game. Online play is very good, except when players drop off and get replaced by the computer. Please give us some way to confirm when this has happened. I would rather not sit there playing 3 robots when everyone else has left the game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Am I playing bots?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 18, 39, 37), 'userName': 'Unused Farkoff', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'It is incredibly painful to have to wait for the pieces to move spaces vs fast forwarding them like in the previous version.  Playing the custom game doesn’t have enough options.  While the graphics are so much better in the version, there are so many options missing that were available in the previous version.  Don’t waste your money.  Totally not worth it.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Just OK', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 23, 17, 40), 'userName': 'BlkBetty', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'When the game actually works, it is fun. Online player barely loads, the game freezes most games that do load. I keep loading online player and it goes right to the board saying “waiting for other players” instead of going to the game piece options and actually loading a game. It’s very frustrating.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': '3 stars', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 15, 20, 1), 'userName': 'agish2012', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'The only thing that keeps me from removing this version is the Online play option... otherwise, animations are not as nice as EA version, no stats tracked, nothing special... you cant tell in a multiplayer game if you still have any human opponents or if they are all computer now, no chat/emotes/communication of any kind...\n\nIt would have been better for EA to update and allow match making for online games.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ok version, if you have the EA version, just keep it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 16, 25, 26), 'userName': 'smc1048576', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'The robots who play in the game seem to get very lucky too often. Great and easy set up and hassle free when it comes to not having to keep track of too many things. It just seems a bit rigged in favor of whoever has a head start in the game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Monopoly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 10, 2, 21, 30), 'userName': 'cccurtis98', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I would love monopoly more if there was a chat box between all the players so it’s easier to know if the players got disconnected from the game when it lags... or also when we can call out other players from taking too long to trade.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Chat box', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 9, 12, 54, 7), 'userName': 'faye671', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'The game is fun but painfully slow, needs a speed button, an option to speed through the animations. Please consider.. thank you for your work and well implemented microtransactions. It’s not in your face and you are not forced to purchase anything, thanks!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but painfully slow', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 1, 57, 51), 'userName': 'KING GAMMA', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'The app seems to be great, me and my friends all bought this game with the thought we could play monopoly at our own pace. We were hoping to be able to make a move and close the app until it’s our turn again. Also with so many pieces I’m not sure why we can’t play with more than 4 people. Even the PS4 version allows up to 6 people.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Continue play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 2, 47, 47), 'userName': 'PContreras16', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This game has a few issues. Like the get out of jail free card. You can’t use it. It will say hero of trade but once you’re in jail You don’t see the card. This has happened in more than one occasion. The game codes don’t work and you have to make 2-3 in order to play with friends. For $4.99 o don’t expect these issues.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 13, 22, 31), 'userName': 'bttfe', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Can you remove the houses and hotel limits?\nThe player(s) should have the option. I think it’s ridiculous that if the computer is ahead of me has hotels and when i go to buy them there is only two left. This is an electronic game why put A limit like that. There should be option to remove that limit, so every property can get a hotel.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Custom options', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 2, 18, 27, 2), 'userName': 'SSgt. C', 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17095328, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. Unfortunately, the limit house is a rule that was implemented since the beginning of the game, however, I've taken your idea and shared it as a feature request so it can be added as a custom rule. In the meantime, if you have more questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com ", 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:46:10Z'}}, {'review': 'I play this game all the time. I just played a round where it was down to the last 2 players (myself and and AI) I had houses and hotels on all properties except green and magenta/purple. The AI skipped my property EVERY TIME. However, I landed on their hotels every time. They only had 3. How? Ultimately I lost when I owned hotels/houses on 16 properties and the AI only had 3 hotels. \n\nMakes me less inclined to play this game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun, but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 6, 23, 58, 39), 'userName': 'H172181', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'The game cheats. More then a few times I’ve caught the game not paying me when passing payday or when the computer lands on my property. Also I’ve played where every time I passed go I would land directly on tax which took my $200. One game it happened 5 times in a row. Not something I expect when I pay for a game. This needs fixed', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 27, 6, 41, 46), 'userName': 'HIPPYKATT', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Great game and board play! Several issues with glitching and never reconnecting or just freezes up. Most often happens when players are trading! Also would be nice to have a way to comment or talk/chat with other players during the game. Enjoyable game when working correctly!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game but it glitches to often', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 7, 21, 51, 31), 'userName': 'fixdisgameyo!', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'This game is so fun especially during this whole quarantine when you have no one to play with you can play with other people it is so realistic and fun yes it may be quite a bit of money but is to totally worth it!', 'title': 'Fun!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 21, 34, 20), 'userName': 'catslikerich', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'This game is really fun but it has been freezing and I have to leave in the middle of a game to start a new one to play again, and also I think it would be nice if you guys could add a live game chat or somewhere were we can communicate deals', 'title': 'Great game but freezes to much', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 15, 8, 26), 'userName': 'Migsthepro', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I play online with my friends..... majority of the time it’s smooth and reliable but it does freeze or kick you out randomly... not too often but can’t give it 5 out of 5 till they fix it but otherwise great app especially on quarantine', 'title': 'Fun and easy to setup', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 20, 19, 55), 'userName': '$outh$ider', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'After playing the game for a while then experiencing a crash which is unrecoverable, complete waste of time, nothing but frustration after seeing no fix. Unfortunately moving towards a refund.', 'title': 'Great Game , Terrible Bugs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 10, 29, 57), 'userName': 'Hex .', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12490828, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. We are aware that some users are experiencing freezes - we have fixed some causes in the most recent update, and we are working hard to fix the issues that remain. Thank you for your patience and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.', 'modified': '2019-12-19T14:34:02Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I’m not one to usually write a review, however this is a classic childhood game that I love. they really need to fix the game dropping issues and then not being able to join back. Especially when you’re playing a private game with friends. Other than that I love it', 'title': 'Mike B.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 22, 22, 59), 'userName': 'Mike.A.B.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Love this game but there are many glitches. Game freezes randomly.\n\nAlso reappears spaces, I landed on same railroad 7 times in one game.  Also went to jail 6 times in one game and another player got doubles 7 times. Very glitchy. \n\nAlso it seems there should be a mandatory pass if one of the online players fails to act on their turn or quit the game. This causes the other players to have to wait and wait. A bit frustrating.', 'title': 'Game freezes Repeats Itself', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 13, 51, 28), 'userName': 'RishiTea612', 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13882842, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your feedback! We understand how you feel and your frustration. We are aware of this bug and working on fixing it along with all the other issues that have been reported by our players. You can expect an update very soon! Our apologies for any inconvenience caused', 'modified': '2020-03-05T23:45:09Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'A glitch in the program allowed two AI players to trade away one of my properties that I had just acquired from one of them. It broke up my monopoly, which I even had houses sitting on. AI collected rent due to me for the rest of the game, and I couldn’t add anymore real estate or sell them off. Thanks.', 'title': 'Traded out from under me.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 10, 19, 27, 37), 'userName': 'lvbr10dr', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Me and my friend have only been able to complete around 4 games out of the many we have tried because the game will glitch and disconnect one of us and freeze or something and we don’t get to finish. It is very annoying and I am about ready to delete the app unless these issues are addressed and fixed soon because I will be winning the game and all of the sudden it crashes. It’s annoying.', 'title': 'Freezes and disconnects', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 16, 22, 52, 41), 'userName': 'Buschy57', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I love the game but whenever I play online with friends, my games always freeze and crash mid game. It’s not an issue with our phones considering that we all own the iPhone 11. Please makes some bug fixes because this game is truly amazing. And with the bug fixes it’ll be even better.', 'title': 'Amazing Game but crashes constantly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 28, 7, 9, 40), 'userName': 'AburameAnbu', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Great game, runs smooth and easy to start. \n\nI gave it a 3 star it needs MAIN features \nChat system/if you miss click or leave the screen even for a second playing with friends it kicks you, make a 30sec limit for online play, I won’t pay for 30$ for something that’s missing main components.', 'title': 'Great but missing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 1, 45, 3), 'userName': 'WOLFxMANx01', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I love Monopoly, but for $3.99, it needs some fixing up. After i changed my name in game, when i selected the AI, it didnt show the new name i picked, it just showed the default "EliteBills88" or somethin. And the dice rolls are definitely not random. I might redownload the game after these bugs are addressed. Sadly, i almost want my money back.', 'title': 'Ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 20, 45, 4), 'userName': 'Rainbowlyn', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'The game, overall, is great but it keeps freezing/crashing or something when I’m playing with friends specifically. This would be a 5 star game if it wasn’t for that little issue. I was most excited about being able to play with friends from our own phones.', 'title': 'Game Keeps Freezing/Crashing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 20, 56, 35), 'userName': 'Kai Ahsan', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I have really enjoyed playing monopoly so far. I would like to see a chat function added to multiplayer and the ability to kick a player if they move to slow.', 'title': 'Worth the price', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 16, 3, 54, 19), 'userName': 'Cme2fly', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'As a lifelong Monopoly aficionado, I tip my top hat to this new app.\n\nI haven’t experienced any of the glitches mentioned in other reviews, so I can’t speak to that.\n\nHowever, I can say that it was love at first sight. The graphics are mesmerizing, and the play is challenging. I look look forward to future improvements, as I recognize that this is a really new app, and it would appear that the developer is as into polishing it, as I am playing it.\n\nThank you for a delightful gaming experience. I know I’ll enjoy this app for years to come.', 'title': 'Excellent!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 16, 56, 59), 'userName': 'Ocmesnod', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'The game is great. Just like the board game. My only issue is that when your playing with your friends if you switch apps, lose WiFi connection and switch to cell signal, or if your phone screen locks, it kicks you out of the game and replaces you with AI.', 'title': 'Great game however', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 17, 26, 42), 'userName': 'mccoy14795', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'This game rocks, but why can’t we skip over repetitious parts like moving spaces? We should also be able to skip to the next players turn after they roll. \n\nPlease add those features and this app will be worthy of 5 stars!', 'title': 'So good... but a few things are missing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 2, 18, 3), 'userName': "Nobody'sBizz", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Kind of disappointing as an app. It freezes and crashes frequently, purchasable upgrades are pointless and wildly expensive for an app and they’re missing rules to the game that could make the game more fun. I think it has potential and it looks great but overall it has a ways to go', 'title': 'I wanted this to be better', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 19, 28, 49), 'userName': 'jbertz23', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12343622, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you are currently experiencing issues with Monopoly. Let us assure you that we are gathering all of our users' feedback and working hard on fixing all the issues mentioned. You can expect an update very soon! Thank you for your patience and our apologies for any inconvenience caused.", 'modified': '2019-12-11T17:09:50Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'This is classic Monopoly and works great (especially the online with friends). I’m only giving it 4 stars because there needs to be a timer for the online modes otherwise people will sit indefinitely waiting for the other players to take their turn.', 'title': 'Exactly as Advertised', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 6, 24, 45), 'userName': 'Tom1236462', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Pretty fun game to play, I wish the chat option would let you type words or have more selection. Also have more options to play other cities or modes without being so expensive. Overall pretty good though.', 'title': 'Review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 4, 3, 50, 53), 'userName': 'bratch18', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I’ve enjoyed this Monopoly game almost daily since I downloaded it. However, they updated it and it now requires you to key in your birthdate. This is a requirement, it’s not optional. There’s no explanation what so ever as to why they’re asking for this information. There isn’t anything in Monopoly that should be dependent on the player’s age. While I have enjoyed this game, I’m now deleting it as I consider this to be an invasion of my privacy.', 'title': 'Now requires your birthdate', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 21, 3, 56), 'userName': 'RodWright', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 24136745, 'body': 'Hello, Monopoly asks for your date of birth due to certain legal requirements, so that certain features can be made unavailable for children. Since we do not store that data anywhere you will always get prompted from your date of birth on new updates. Keep in mind that you should be older than 13 in the US and 16 in the rest of the world. We understand that some players may not be comfortable inputting their real date of birth. If you are one of them, feel free to input a fake date of birth.\r Also, make sure to review data consent from the Settings menu and give your consent, otherwise, you will not be able to play the online features. Apologies for any inconvenience caused!\n', 'modified': '2021-07-26T14:28:05Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is really good but it sometimes freezes when I am playing with my brother and my dad and it ruins the game I wouldn’t say it’s reallllly Annoying just kind of but is there any way to fix the glitch', 'userName': 'spyspike83', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 0, 30, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I guess...'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game is so addictive it’s crazy, but it is SO not in your favor to win. I’ve played this game for a month on easy against 1 AI player and have won 1 game (my first game) out of dozens now. One streak I landed in jail 7 times in a row and on income tax 4 times in a row after passing go!  Any idea what those odds would be on a true board game...NEVER!\n\nAddictive game, but be prepared to loose. Wouldn’t take it so personally if this game were free. You’d think they’d let you win a game you had to buy.', 'userName': 'InsaneHart', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 28, 6, 35, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'WORST ODDS EVER'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Excited to be able to play with friends and family. Would only add the feature of more chat functions. However I get that comes with parent settings', 'userName': 'amac30', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 12, 22, 56, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Perfect Virtual Quarantine Game'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'It’s expected when it comes to a game like this that it’ll be predictable. Once you play for a you can almost tell when you’ll be the loser or the winner after a couple roles. You also read where you’ll be landing eventually. It’s still fun though', 'userName': 'Marvelous89', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 8, 21, 33, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Entertaining but you can’t almost read the game'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'This is a great way to update an old classic, and I love the new tokens and themed boards. Gameplay is very smooth, and I like that there is a ranking summary at the end of each game.\n\nHowever, there are a few features that I would like to see:\n\n-More than four human players allowed\n-less expensive way to buy content (like the ability to buy just a token you like)\n-more music options / music integration with other apps\n-fix minor bugs with connectivity when playing with friends on separate devices.', 'userName': 'Emmandaline', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 28, 2, 56, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game, with some bugs.'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'While the game is fun it can be frustrating when the game stops and freezes unexpectedly. I’ve had to close and reopen the app several times to keep one game going. Sudden freezes aside, the game is enjoyable. An update would be great to address this issue.', 'userName': 'MarCapIroTh', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17106482, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your feedback and review. We are very sorry to hear that you had such a bad experience with some of your matches. We are already working on fixing this freezing problem and will be releasing an update as soon as possible. We really appreciate your patience. If you have more questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-08-05T21:44:35Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 4, 22, 58, 8), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun...'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'They got the graphics and game experience right.  But when you play a “hard” computer player that just means they roll much better than you it’s so frustrating. online play is always glitchy. And there is only the classic board unless you want to pay $7 for two unattractive boring boards.', 'userName': 'A axel', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 22, 23, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Like others have said Missed the mark'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Used to work well. After the last update, on multiplayer each time a person have a counter offer with AI the game freezes.', 'userName': 'Hisham35', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 2, 59, 26), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Unplayable after last update'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I played primarily against the computer, while multitasking. I have it on the easy settings. I lose a lot more than I win. The rolls are not random! It wants you to lose.  All the other players miss your properties with houses and hotels and you land on all theirs and the cards for Chance & CC have you paying while other players get paid. Then you go to jail before passing Go. No fun. Not fair. Make improvements!', 'userName': 'Dadams579', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16323845, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are completely random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-07-01T03:01:02Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 30, 22, 23, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Terrible! Work on the algorithm or something.'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I wish there was a setting that allows me to not have to watch all the other animations of the other players. Playing a full game can take a long time because of how long it takes for the AI to play.', 'userName': 'happy hapy meal', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 28, 16, 53, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Speed up the other players'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'This app is really fun and awesome I LOVE IT but, when playing online with friends you can’t save your games meaning you can’t stop and then go to home screen and/or close the app so you have to play the game straight without stoping.\nI rated this app three stars but I would rate it five if you could save your games.', 'userName': 'como bro', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 14, 40, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but you can’t save your games'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I am seeing this freezing behavior in game  consistently when following the below steps:\n\nStep 1) You try to make trade with fellow player in your turns.\n\nStep 2) Fellow player counter trades your offer\n\nStep 3) You again Counter trade to the same player\n\nStep 4) When the second instance Counter trade is done by your counterpart in the same transaction and you happened to reject the trade. Then the application freezes. \n\nWhen you play for 3 hours straight and all of a sudden game freezes before end, then it pain for sure. Hope this will be fixed.', 'userName': 'Pradeep Sampath', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 20, 10, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very well designed , But games freezes at times'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'This app is great, but it needs on update in order to be perfect. Players who delay the game should be skipped, or their turn should be taken over by the computer. I’ve had to exit several games, because someone took over 15 minutes to complete their turn.', 'userName': 'NJ Monopoly Lover', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 11, 9, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Online Gameplay Option'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'Extremely fun game to play, at least the few you’ll be able to finish ... the game has a serious bug issue that freezes the whole game. It will seem like someone is making a deal and just have you waiting there. Once it freezes there is no waiting for it to work, I tried. I ended up wasting about 20min for nothing.', 'userName': 'player241235', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 4, 38, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but horrible bug'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game is just like the original board game and plays well. Looks fantastic. The online game with friends is really glitchy. If anybody disconnects or disconnects during your turn the game locks up. If  it disconnects during your turn, it says “waiting for next turn to reconnect” and never gets there.', 'userName': 'Fatty McFatcheeks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 4, 35, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great appearance, online games are glitchy'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'As much as I love the board game but this app has major issues, it’s really frustrating when someone Disconnects or simply does not make a move, it puts the game in the freeze state where you can’t do anything but wait, I can’t believe you guys didn’t think of it during testing, put a timer or something to force the game forward or simply kick them out of the game and open up all their streets for sale.', 'userName': 'snatti', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 17, 47, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Major issues'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'Great game.  And developers responded quickly when they accidentally made a bad interface change.  Would give it five stars except for the interface error.  As long as they don’t break it again I will revise up.', 'userName': 'ConcordeNC', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14441038, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review and for bringing these issues to our attention. I have already shared them with our QA team who will look into them as soon as possible. We are reading every single user review and putting together a list of issues and feedback - the issues are being fixed and the feedback is being actively discussed. Our next update will include a lot of these fixes as well as performance and stability tweaks. Thanks again for taking the time to share your feedback and our apologies for the inconvenience caused.\r\n', 'modified': '2020-04-03T14:57:02Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 16, 40, 45), 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Interface changes'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'It’s a great game. Though it really needs to introduce a timer for all gamers. There is timer to roll the dice now, but for mortgage or trade, you can just take forever and every other users have to wait for you. This literally just happened to me. A user is near bankrupted and he just mortgaged his landed and disappeared. We three waited at least 10 mins and neither of us can make a move. THIS MUST BE FIXED!!!!!!!!!!', 'userName': 'OH-Xavier', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 21, 16, 59), 'isEdited': False, 'title': '【THIS MUST BE FIXED】The others take forever to make a move'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'This game has a HUGE potential ESPECIALLY in these times, to make a fortune and help families enjoy and make memories with each other. BUT you need to fix the internet connections issues, the lagging, the kicking you out of game, and other issues it has. MAKE THE CHANGES AND REAP THE REWARDS. Overall great game but alot of connectivity issues and lags. FIX FIX FIX .', 'userName': 'Hernandezjohn19', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 7, 4, 42, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'HUGE POTENTIAL'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'Love the classic & how multiple friends can join a game. Just wish there was an option to chat in the game. It does kick you out sometimes and ruins the game. but overall it’s fun & addicting ! definitely corrected things I had been playing wrong all this time !', 'userName': 'dinooo_meanooo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 3, 0, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love the classic game'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 25, 8, 13, 37), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Skips and freezes', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game but sick and tired of how it is constantly glitching and freezing. I almost never finish a game! It’s also been skipping the first person and going right to the second player.', 'userName': 'k95harris'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 21, 56, 3), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Design flaw on the update', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game.  The recent update has a design flaw where if a player wants to buy houses in the pink section, the menu item extends over the property and does not allow the house purchase.  Please reduce the menu size so that it does not fall on top of the board.', 'userName': 'vivapasto'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 18, 4, 26, 25), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Issues', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Sometimes while playing this app glitches and I cannot use the functions while playing and have to clear my apps and start over with a new game because there are not buttons for me to hit to play', 'userName': 'webb485'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 15, 23, 48, 42), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Online Multi-player game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My friends and I tried on several occassions to play the online multi-player game option.  We live in different states and were trying to use this to keep our monopoly tradition.  Unfortunately, after 5 mins into the game, the game would drop one of us and the computer take over.  We tried several times and it didnt work.  I wish i could get my money back.  Hate that we couldnt get this going.', 'userName': 'Robherr'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 16, 58, 38), 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13724059, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We also love Monopoly and we understand how frustrating this might be for you. We apologize for all the troubles this has caused. Let me assure you that our team is actively listening to our users' feedback and working tirelessly towards fixing all known issues. You can expect an update very soon! We appreciate your patience.", 'modified': '2020-02-26T22:27:59Z'}, 'title': 'Sincerely disappointed', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have always been a fan of the classic board game Monopoly so, you can understand my frustration when the app freezes every game I play. I would love to bankrupt my friends and family but that is rendered useless when the app doesn’t work efficiently. I would love for the creators to take some time and really work out the bugs within this game. I am very disappointed. I am also out 4 dollars. Please fix the app.', 'userName': 'unlock it all day lomg_____'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 10, 15, 1, 52), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'More fun than in real life', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love playing the monopoly app. Graphics are great and song is infectious! Wish there was a way to see the property details during other players turns. Aside from that, I would say it’s a fantastic update to the iconic game.', 'userName': 'Autofocus'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 5, 19, 53), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Glitchy Monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app makes the original board game come to life in a convenient way for me to play with my friends while we’re all at our own homes, but it also freezes unexpectedly and completely ruins fun and competitive matchups.\nThese problems have been reported for months and they still persist.\nI’d rather the developer give me a full refund at this point and go back to playing the original so I can at least finish a game.', 'userName': 'Loathful Duck'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 31, 19, 19, 10), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Very good game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'If you have just a little bit of time this will fill it, don’t expect to play a whole game though, just a little bit of playing every time you have some time.', 'userName': 'carter06123'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 20, 32, 48), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Game freezes on multiplayer too often', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve experienced several issues with multiplayer where I’ll be 20 min into a game and it’ll just freeze and stop working. The animation on the board will continue to move but nothing else happens. It feels like such a waste of time after you almost make it to the end of a game and it just stops working. I rarely review apps but this is so frustrating that I had to say something.', 'userName': 'Jonathannn'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 11, 23, 25), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Needs Improvement', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game but there are a few issues.  During multiplayer games, if one member stops playing, the game freezes.  So, one sore sport causes a game fail—I have yet to play a whole game through.  Should default to ai player or 3 player.  Also, this game needs a hall of fame or win\\loss tracker.  If you win a game, there is no record of it.', 'userName': 'MonoBlue294'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 9, 46, 41), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Online multiplayer', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game has great graphics but the only problem is when you are playing online multiplayer and you are winning the other players would leave and the game completely freezes, you should replace it with a computer player so the game can still keep going.', 'userName': 'It needs multiplayer'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 17, 9, 4), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Losing online connection', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Every time someone texts me and I try to respond and then go back to the game, the game disconnects me from my online game. There needs to be a way to pause the game or not lose in game connection when I go to other apps. I’ve left probably 20+ games just because I texted someone mid game. Outside of this issue it’s a good game, probably 3.5-4 stars but unless this connection issue is fixed I can’t give it any higher than 1 star 😡', 'userName': 'JB259509'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 6, 8, 43), 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Glitch', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is nice overall, but it freezes a lot especially if you are playing online. Once it’s frozen there is no way to resume the game, so if you were playing for sometime you loose the game and it’s super frustrating. Played like 15 times online and only was able to finish the game twice, all other time I had to exit the game because of the glitch.', 'userName': 'Lenaihor'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 0, 16, 51), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Help', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Please fix your game crashes.  Nothing worse than playing for 15 mins then it freezes. And can you make it to where when it’s not my turn i can go to another app and come back to the game without getting kicked. Otherwise i love the game', 'userName': 'DjMrPrez'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 23, 33, 36), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Disconnect', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is great, everything I want in a digital Monopoly game. Only critique is that if you leave the app to text, etc., you will be disconnected from the the online game you are playing without any way to recover the game. If there is a way to fix this time-out l, then it would be 5 star easily.', 'userName': 'Boardgame_Guy'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 0, 16, 50), 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12321556, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! These are all very good suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at contactus@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.", 'modified': '2019-12-10T15:51:58Z'}, 'title': 'Disappointed', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I loved the old EA version of monopoly and I have to say this one is a bit of a disappointment. \n\n1. It takes too long for the dice to roll and there is a lot of wasted time on animations. \n\n2. The multiplayer version of the game requires constant attention. Monopoly is so long of a game it should be asynchronous like words with friends where you can pick up games during the course of a day.', 'userName': 'Colo Jack'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 18, 13, 16), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Glitches won’t let you finish a game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game and everything seems great with the app, but there are too many bugs and glitches. It’s almost impossible to finish an online game. It either freezes on a turn and doesn’t resume or doesn’t let you complete the turn so you’re forced to quit the app and start over. You’d expect better quality from an app that isn’t free. Hopefully it gets fixed so i can enjoy the app.', 'userName': 'ellemdlm'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 2, 7, 43), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Notifications setting and offline play', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is very frustrating needs to be a way to log in and keep your game if you have to respond to a text or phone call without quitting the game. Words with friends had a feature it would let your opponent know when it was their turn and you could both just play when you had time but the game could be resumed. Very unhappy that it keeps shutting down', 'userName': 'Sully12122012'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 6, 14, 6, 20), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'I want my old version back!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I want my old version of the real game back but it won’t play since I updated my iPad. This is just junk. Can’t choose how many players, can’t choose your token, and graphics jump around like squirrels on speed. Very distracting and hard to follow. I want the real wonderful game back that I had on my iPad for years. This new one with all the stupid bells and whistles is extremely unpleasant and I deleted it.', 'userName': 'Kttttttttkttttt'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 25, 1, 14, 46), 'rating': 2, 'title': 'RIGGED.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’m an experienced player and can feel when the game just won’t allow you to prosper. I play on hard for all 3 CPU opponents and every time, it’s the 1st CPU player that consistently passes your property and gets the exact roll they need. I’ve changed board pieces but it constantly happens. Fun game but very frustrating to see the game providing advantages to the CPU players. 2 stars because of these reasons', 'userName': 'Stone 734'}, {'title': 'Will it ever open again?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 18, 2, 40, 8), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I would’ve given this 5 stars but it doesn’t deserve one now. I paid money for this app and now it never works. If you guys could fix this, I would rate it 5 stars!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18053257, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. I'm very sorry to hear that you are having problems with our Monopoly app. Could you please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com with details regarding the problems that you are having to open the game? We'd love to help you out. ", 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:54:34Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 's21671'}, {'title': 'Bugs found in online with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 5, 16, 46, 30), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Sometimes when a player ends turn, the whole game just freezes and nobody could anything. It has happened to me several times already. Beside that, it’s fun to play.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'vudephm'}, {'title': 'Monopoly.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 31, 0, 34, 48), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'So for a couple of games I was playing with friends. The game would freeze and it wouldn’t allow us to end turn. Just something that ruined the game especially going into late game. But other than that the games fine.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Grindtimee'}, {'title': 'Algorithm is a joke', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 9, 37, 49), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The algorithm favors the AI so much it’s almost hilarious. I find myself assuming the worse case scenario regularly only to find it happen. During my first 5 rolls regularly the game typically finds a way to put me out of commission to allow the AI an extra turn I.e allowing them to buy up more property than me. I could care less of your assurances that that game is fair and balanced as someone who has been playing I can tell you it’s simply not.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Swizzy1'}, {'title': 'Game freezes randomly when playing with friends.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 8, 3, 24, 19), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'When using the play online with friends function. The game freezes 30min to 1hr into game play (one time it was 2hrs in). \nChat function still works (sometimes) but sometimes it disconnects entirely. Verified it is not an internet issue but more or less how the game is connecting players. \n\nThis issue is quite annoying as all the work that was done can be lost in a matter of seconds. I am sure single player works fine but purchased game to play with friends from a distance yet it not possible at the moment. \n\nThis issue happens even if it’s just two players and two ai bots. \n\nI guess be careful when you play. Don’t get your hopes up basically.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Parth261'}, {'title': 'The dice are rigged', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 7, 4, 18, 48), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'My family and I play this game every weekend and we played a lot of rounds but I always lose I only won once ONCE! I had a monopoly and they did not and one person landed on my monopoly but didn’t get bankrupt they got bankrupt on water works another persons property and they won. THIS IS SO RIGGED THEY SKIP ALL MY MONOPOLIES! I don’t give this a one star I give this a zero. I’m not saying this because I’m a sore loser I’m saying this because this game is not accurate at all they are so biased!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MyNameJeffJeffjr'}, {'title': 'Just like when my son was little', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 21, 15, 10, 47), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Great time wish their where more token choices and that the new maps weren’t so expensive \nBut gameplay is great to put n the tv and pass the iPad around', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cgswss'}, {'title': 'Love It! Small problem though...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 15, 11, 35, 41), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The game is great, however when you play “Single Player” against the computers, I swear they stay passin my property and get way too lucky.  That’s all, it’s still possible to win though', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309108, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are happy to hear that you are enjoying our Monopoly game :)! Just to clarify, we can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.", 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:51:51Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pukioass'}, {'title': 'Great game, needs stats', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 5, 0, 48, 54), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I am really enjoying your monopoly game. Very smooth, quick, and no bugs. My only gripe is that as far as I can tell there is no stats page keeping track of your wins and losses. I’d really like to know how I’m doing!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15172709, 'body': "Hello! Thank you for your review. We're happy to hear you're enjoying Monopoly. I have also shared your great idea about keeping track of progress in the game to our design team, and they will discuss it during their next meeting. Please let us know if you have any more ideas about what you would like to see in Monopoly at help@marmalademail.com! ", 'modified': '2020-05-07T21:58:46Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PME1987'}, {'title': 'Not exactly random', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 3, 40, 56), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Gameplay is enjoyable and brisk - which isn’t the case with the board version. The problem is: Monopoly is founded on a throw of the dice, and too often, non-random play ruins the fun. Certain situations like Jail happen more often than a real game. I loved the fast game performance and arresting graphics, but I get the feeling the game isn’t honest.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'poikkeus1'}, {'title': 'Way too many glitches', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 10, 21, 30, 59), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'It’s nearly impossible to finish a game because of how much the game gets stuck.  It randomly freezes for no reason or it freezes every time someone does something as little as check a notification or turn up their screen brightness.  It’s so frustrating being in the middle of a game and it to suddenly stop for no reason and there’s no way to fix it.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15228639, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We apologize for all the troubles you've been through so far, I can assure you that we are working tirelessly in order to have this fix as soon as possible. I'm happy to tell you that we are preparing an update for next week which we hope will fix all stability and disconnections problems. Please send us an email to help@marmamalademail.com if you any questions - we are here to help!", 'modified': '2020-05-11T05:20:29Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'slorthy69'}, {'title': 'Great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 1, 53, 57), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This would be a 5 star game if there was a way to kick players out of game who don’t finish in a specified period of time. There also needs to be a way to remind players to quit their turn when they forget.  Otherwise, so fun! I won my first game since getting the app!  Super pumped!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bendie Lee'}, {'title': 'I love it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 19, 13, 38), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'It does freeze out of nowhere from time to time, which is annoying, but it’s an overall fun game. I’d say it’s worth the money cause you can play online with random ppl or with friends or with the computer. So yeah 👍🏼', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Yuth5'}, {'title': 'Horrible connection issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 3, 2, 48, 58), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I absolutely love playing Monopoly but there’s no point in purchasing this app because every game will get interrupted with NUMEROUS connection issues as well as freezing during transactions thus causing you to have to quit and start over. My friends and I have had to quit numerous games right when things are getting good. Not worth the purchase.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kayfs'}, {'title': 'Chat option please!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 1, 22, 14), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Love it! It’s so great and I love that we can tweek it with our rules. But. I wish there was a chat option!! It’d make it so much more fun and easier to negotiate. I also don’t like that it boots me out if I get out of the app real quick. The chat option would be so helpful!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cilleme928'}, {'title': 'Bugs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 4, 5, 50), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I have been having a bug that causes the game to not allow us to buy more houses, even if we sell houses we cannot buy more. Usually the bug stops during the game but about 5-10 turns later. Id be happy to change to 5 stars because i love this game, but i am unhappy with this game because of it. Thanks.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'reviewsfercoinz'}, {'title': 'I am obsessed with this game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 21, 27, 20), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I own all the hasbro/marmalade games. I play them with my family and friends when we get bored. Which has been often due to the covid19 virus. This has been a great way to still have fun. :) I HIGHLY RECOMMEND.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JocelynnOlyvia'}, {'title': 'Game constantly freezes! Don’t buy!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 3, 44, 42), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game consistently freezes when you’re in the middle of a game. It says, “will rejoin are next turn,” and “reconnecting.” Then it is frozen like that and the game is ruined for everyone. We have a strong internet cable and never leave the actual game.  Not worth $4! Maybe if it was free, then it would be ok. However, for every player to have to pay $4, and we can barely complete one full game, it is BS.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kris Sota'}, {'title': 'Poor app - lots of glitches', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 21, 48, 59), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I’ve been trying to play with friends and have yet to complete a full game due to glitches. For an app that’s comes at a cost of $4, I’d expect to at least complete the game. It would also be nice to have a chat feature as it turns you into AI when you toggle to text (when playing with friends) — i will be requesting a refund, would love to see improvements and would consider using again', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lolo2882'}, {'title': 'Fun but flawed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 20, 55, 11), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'This is the first time I’ve been compelled to write a review.  Why?  Because the game is so much fun until one of its flaws sabotages the entire game.  Here are a few fixes that need to happen:\n1) Chat functionality or at least pre-determined statements \n2) Allow players to designate certain properties as “untradeable” \n3) A limit to the number of trade offers since some people will pitch the same trade over and over again\n4) Career stats and some way to elevate status within the game\n5) Speed.  The gameplay is so slow, I’ve had some games last 4 hours\n6) Lose the ‘End My Turn’ button and have the game have a time limit on pre and post roll activity', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JimD101'}, {'userName': 'Saucybear93', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 9, 0, 59, 13), 'title': 'LOVE THIS !!!', 'review': 'I love monopoly my fiancé never likes to play with me but this app is fantastic you can customize how many people you want to play with or playing with your friends this actually made me dig deeper onto winning the game and I WON ! Worth the price for sure ❤️❤️❤️❤️', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'joe13525', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 16, 37, 38), 'title': 'Garbage', 'review': 'When playing against the single player mode, the dice rolls are scripted for the computer players. I was playing 1v1 against the ai and I had hotels all along starting from the jail to free parking, then all of the red properties had hotels. The ai was almost bankrupt and he started avoiding ALL of my properties and landing on chance and community chest and eventually saved up money to get hotel on boardwalk and park place and I landed on boardwalk a couple times and lost. This game is not fair. Waste of money', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Wetwilly_Wayne', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 22, 11, 1), 'title': 'A.I.', 'review': 'My main problem with the game is with the dice rolling, especially when rolling doubles. I’ve found that when I roll doubles twice, almost every time I roll a third time I usually always get a double and get sent to jail. I think the rolling dice part of the game should be updated. Everything else runs pretty smooth.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Kbirdno', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 17, 6, 5, 37), 'title': 'CRASH', 'review': 'I downloaded the game last night while in a camp ground that had decent cell reception (3/5 bars) and started a game wife my wife. Got 10-15 move in and my game crashed. Got home tonight and decided to try another game while on our WiFi, got about 30 moves in and her game crashed. No way to join back into a multiplayer game. If you are looking to play with friends don’t bother with this version. It will just frustrate you starting all over', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'LunaJade07', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 16, 20, 8, 24), 'title': 'Great for many things!', 'review': 'I love playing this game it is worth it so much and perfect for traveling. You don’t need WiFi to play single player with bots and you can play pass and play offline as well.', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13839987, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We are very sorry to hear about your bad experience, and we totally understand how frustrated it can be to play for 30 minutes and then not being able to finish it. We are aware of this issue and working tirelessly in order to fix all issues. Our next update will include a lot of these fixes as well as performance and stability tweaks. Again we apologize for all the trouble, and we thank you for your patience. ', 'modified': '2020-03-03T22:01:32Z'}, 'userName': 'ERnurse85', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 2, 3, 36, 33), 'title': 'Game constantly freezes', 'review': 'This game would get 5 stars if it would actually function like it’s supposed to. In multiplayer live mode, the game ALWAYS freezes halfway through. I’ve played 10-15 times and EVERY single game, after 25-30 minutes of fun game play, it will inexplicably freeze/crash and you’ll have close the game and restart a new one. Super frustrating. I’ve given up even trying to play anymore...Waste of time and money.', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'bsakna', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 20, 1, 32, 36), 'title': 'Pretty good but', 'review': 'The game works great and runs smoothly however when playing online you can’t exit the app even for a second, I accidentally hit the bottom of my screen and it goes to view my apps and instantly disconnects me from the game please fix', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Stugotti88', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 12, 22, 20, 54), 'title': 'Monopoly', 'review': 'The game by far is created very well, but I don’t know if everyone is experiencing the same crash on the app I’m. It just keeps freezing every time the game starts to get interesting. I’ve played about 5 times and it just keeps freezing on me!!! Aggravating !!! A must fix', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'kirstybrii', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 3, 54, 48), 'title': 'Well', 'review': 'At this point the game isn’t worth $4 ! It freezes and kicked me out of the game with my friend and won’t let me join back in with them ! This definitely needs to be fixed. If the game freezes there should be a way for me to get back into the game we created with our friends ! I mean this is a long game ! What if we get a phone call.  ? We just get kicked out of our own game', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'kbeckwith68', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 18, 56, 3), 'title': 'Buggy', 'review': 'I’m enjoying playing but most games either freeze or have issues with counter offers happening that are not generated by the players. I’ve lost a number of properties this way (as well as any competitive edge I may have had). Pretty much every game freezes including the one I just tried playing.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'mcbtch', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 33, 50), 'title': 'This my life bro', 'review': 'It glitches sometimes but I’ve spent a good 25 dollars on this game, and I love it. . But I got questions.. When are new boards and tokens coming out?? Are you gonna have multiplayer chat? Will we be able to pick our tag colors? Otherwise, phenomenal.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Mystickym', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 4, 13, 55), 'title': 'Review', 'review': 'I have 4 instead of 5 stars because you have to pay for a lot of things after the initial game purchase. I feel that some you are already purchasing the game, at least one scenic board should be free besides the default one.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Ohbrother235', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 18, 3, 8, 53), 'title': 'It cheats', 'review': 'The computer pieces get extremely lucky. Like when you own a lot of property they really seem to hit the non property spots more often. And if you have to mortgage to pay for something the next roller will roll in land on the property you just mortgage if they’re close enough quite astounding.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'drock12b', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 17, 18, 55, 39), 'title': 'Great Rendition of Monopoly - Bad luck?', 'review': 'The devs did a great job with this one, it looks great and the experience is just as good if not better than a physical board. My only concern is that my luck with rolls and cards has been so bad I question whether the dice and card decks are actually random. E.g, going to jail 8 times in one game lol.', 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19735529, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you feel this way. We can assure you that all MONOPOLY mechanics are not random, as our goal is to provide a fun experience to our users, and rigged games are not fun. Asides from that, we can also assure you that all players that you are matched with during online plays are real players, however, if they decide to leave before the match is over, it will be replaced by a AI.  Please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com if you continue to experience events that don't feel random.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-14T05:21:11Z'}, 'userName': 'Huskyплохая по', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 10, 19, 27, 55), 'title': 'Is there actually a multiplayer???', 'review': 'After playing few weeks I’m convinced that either you play with bots or there are plenty of cheaters. The thing is, in the middle of the game one of the players gave all his properties and money to another one for zero cost. It happens almost every time to me. Secondly, owning 2 sides of the board means that your opponents will avoid your properties all the time. I deleted that game, don’t wanna waste my nerves on that thing.', 'rating': 1}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19418978, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-29T23:09:49Z'}, 'userName': 'invictusmaneo69', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 4, 56, 50), 'title': 'AI is broken', 'review': 'Played 2 games in a row on “medium” difficulty where I had 3 rows of hotels and the computer managed to not land on a single one for 45 minutes straight. It was amazing to watch them land on every other tile. The AI would hide in jail (magically landing on go to jail over and over) while begging for trades. Finally I said screw it and gave them their trades and I was bankrupt in 5 turns from landing on their hotels every single roll. Not fair or fun. Won’t be playing again.', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'Pihseltab', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 11, 1, 47, 23), 'title': 'Opinion:', 'review': 'When you play this game, you are essentially playing against 4 opponents; the 3 players AND the game itself as it controls the dice and the trades. Some trades make no sense and no real person would make them. It feels at times the 3 opponents and the app are playing as a team against me.......maybe that’s exactly how it was set up. I just think the dice rolls should be programmed to be totally random.', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'Arcanal', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 4, 8, 5, 13), 'title': 'Monopoly is great, the app isn’t', 'review': 'I love monopoly so I paid for this and the gameplay is smooth and fair. The app feels a little dated for example: no ranks online, no win or loss count or stats in general. It seems like the developers knew people would pay simply for the game and didn’t have to add modern features to the UI (user interface)', 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17265597, 'body': "Hi there! thank you for your review and feedback. We are very happy to hear that you like our game this much. This is a good suggestion, and is already under consideration by our design team for possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-13T15:14:41Z'}, 'userName': 'violetdreyer', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 11, 18, 33, 5), 'title': 'Love it', 'review': 'I played until 3am just to turn around and play it all day the next day! I’m addicted. Only thing I wish was that you could pick your own color because it gets confusing when you switch colors each game.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Dirkjuli74', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 3, 26, 19), 'title': 'Update creates glitch', 'review': 'Been loving this game. But the new update that involves selling hotels with no houses available is creating problems. Whenever AI needs to sell a hotel and no houses are available, the game freezes. I would’ve won multiple times if I didn’t have to restart the game every time the AI landed on one of my big properties.', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Nice app, it’s a little pricey for extra boards and pieces. Think they should be cheaper but I still like to play. Also wish between friends there was regular chat where you can type', 'title': 'Good app', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 19, 21, 59, 32), 'userName': 'Jaydey234!', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'As a lover of the game Monopoly this is hands down the best game app created! I play multiple times a day! With family/friends..with online players...it’s great! (It even has a speed up game feature that doesn’t take away the essence of the game) \n\n📌📌📌PLEASE add a “leader board” or at least a feature that saves your game results! \n\nMaybe even add a feature to save online players or the option to “rematch/play again” at the end of a game. \n\nAll in all...I can’t stop playing! With those upgrades it can easily be 5 stars. \n👉Download the app.', 'title': 'LOVE IT! But....', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 13, 50, 32), 'userName': 'TheGreatLori', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16055361, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. We are very happy to hear that you are loving our game! I'm happy to inform you that a leader board feature is being worked along with a ranking system ;)! We hope to aim for that 5-star review very soon! If you have any questions please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. ", 'modified': '2020-06-17T23:09:30Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I was so excited to play but there are too many bugs.  My main frustrations is getting disconnected for some reason or the game freezes.  Also please make a LIMIT on how many times a player can try to trade or offer a counter-trade in one turn.  It slows down the game terribly and it’s no longer fun.', 'title': 'Needs work', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 21, 15, 25), 'userName': 'JLuxs', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Super fun! Love playing it over WiFi with the fam.... when it works lol. The game will randomly go idle between player turns, forcing you to end the game. Not fun. Especially when you get a good one going! Very frustrating. It happens frequently too! Nothing like paying money for a game that doesn’t or rarely works :/ I hope there’s future updates for this that help.', 'title': 'Fun but buggy as heck', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 18, 43, 13), 'userName': 'ivokspm', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'The glitch is when playing with AI and making offers. If AI counters then the game freezes up, no one can roll or do anything else. Has happened three or four times.', 'title': 'Great game but has a glitch', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 16, 33, 16), 'userName': 'abcdefghirhekdi', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I think that this was very well executed, however, I think a great function would be fast forwarding the computer’s turn so that the player doesn’t need to sit through it', 'title': 'It’s monopoly', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 18, 44, 4), 'userName': 'TheLonePigeon', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'It’s not gamified. Yes it is a brief visit to the nostalgic past.  But once you play and win, it doesn’t mean anything. \n\nPoints. Leaderboards. Performance. Interaction with other online players. Tournaments. SOMETHING. Once you play it a few times there’s no need to go back, and you quickly realize it requires no skill at all. It’s just chance.', 'title': 'Meaningless', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 22, 5, 33), 'userName': 'Illinois Ave', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Lose connection unknowingly here and there. Have to get off the game and get back on and hope I didnt miss much. Everything else is great. This app gets the game going by quickly and easy to see every that’s happening in the game.', 'title': 'Good overall app experience', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 22, 2, 35, 40), 'userName': 'cmoooooo22', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I like the game only that it gets disconnected most of time when we play multiplayer. Also my only feedbacks will be to be able to play with more than just 4 people and I wish the game had a chatroom to communicate with other players.', 'title': 'Like it', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 0, 56, 54), 'userName': 'Paranormalfemale', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Monopoly is perfect EXCEPT whenever someone is AFK or is not playing and it is their turn, you can’t skip. You have to wait and sometimes they don’t play at all. Game is ruined if this keeps happening. At least just put a timer so everyone else can play.', 'title': 'AFK players', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 19, 22, 8), 'userName': 'I HATE ENTERING A NICKNAMe', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Love this game and how similar it feels to the other game but the bugs make it impossible to play soemtimes. Specifically getting disconnected for the tiniest reason. If you get disconnected in the middle of your game it pretty much freezes the game for everyone. After investing so much time in a game just for it to freeze can be incredibly annoying. Needs work!', 'title': 'Fun but way too many bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 20, 22, 31), 'userName': 'Instasupermodel', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Absolutely do not purchase this game until the developers refine it. Constant freezing and other game-ending issues. Myself and my friends/relatives have this game (6 people in total) and we all have issues with it no matter how we’re playing. The worst is when the game is nearing the end and then freezes; robbing the victory from one player and making everyone else feel like “what’s the point?”', 'title': 'Do NOT purchase. VERY glitchy.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 5, 51, 47), 'userName': 'Fatal_Byte', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'You might as well play the computer instead of signing the bogus 3rd party privacy disclosure. After signing it I have gotten scam mail wanting me to give out Apple ID and personal information. You have no communication with online players and if you play the computer player, its a lot faster. This has got to be the worst $4.99 I have ever spent for an App. This seller should be investigated for fraud for selling personal information!', 'title': 'Not worth it!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 4, 11, 19, 37), 'userName': 'Drunkby9th', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I love playing monopoly! This game constantly freezes in the middle of a game. So I have to back out of it and start a new game, which is frustrating, especially when you’re ahead. It’s not my service or my wifi.', 'title': 'Fix the bugs', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 10, 1, 44, 30), 'userName': 'foxbabe0809', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Ive played about 10 games. Everytime the AI lands in jail, they always roll a double without fail. It also seems like the AI has a higher chance of rolling doubles overall. You’ll notice that the higher you scale up the difficulty for the AI, the more favorable their rolls become. Don’t believe me? Okay. Try it then come back and let me know', 'title': 'AI always rolls doubles', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 29, 13, 39, 5), 'userName': 'DonDaMarco', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I’d love to give five stars but I’m so frustrated every time I am playing online the game will randomly just freeze and literally nothing happens... other than that I do like everything else in the game. Please fix this!', 'title': 'Online Playing Crashes More Often Than Not', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 10, 0, 36, 19), 'userName': 'drahonslaya', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Love the game. It does, however, have a lot of bugs during online play. The board pieces will disappear during the middle of a game. There are some instances where the button that are used during game play will not function when pressed. And the game seems to freeze quite often.', 'title': 'Buggy Game but fun to play', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 9, 7, 27, 6), 'userName': 'Buck65', 'rating': 3}, {'review': "Honestly, the game looks good, plays smoothly but so often the game just freezes. the background will still be moving but i will be spending at least ten minutes waiting for an actual pop up with an interaction. Game needs to fix that asap, besides that the game would be good but i just have to give it one star because i can't enjoy a full game with my friends.. for a game we both paid for. ridiculous", 'title': 'FREEZING', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 16, 2, 33, 36), 'userName': 'christian12rice', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'If someone goes into another app or turns their phone off, the game stops, which is annoying especially if you’re far into a game and everything freezes for what might turn out to be the whole day out of nowhere.  Also, there aren’t leaderboards.  I’m going to find another app.  Would not purchase again.', 'title': 'Pauses when people leave the app', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 21, 44, 48), 'userName': 'Grdghgdd743', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Single player works great, love the ability to customize rules. The game looks and feels great, it really does come to life. \n\nNever able to finish multiplayer games without crashing. I would have given more stars if the bugs were not so bad, especially given I paid for the game.', 'title': 'Love it, but still too glitchy', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 6, 2, 55, 13), 'userName': 'Nithin Meppurathu', 'rating': 3}], [{'title': 'The best game ever', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 15, 50, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'isabellasmith766', 'review': 'I love this game so much it’s so fun I always color ASMR studio I don’t know why but this is the best game I am eight and I love fidget so much and I always wanted to take a trade on my phone a lot which my phone is an iPhone SE my cousin has an iPhone 11 and my other cousin has an iPhone iOS I think but I love this so much I love this game so much and I’ve always wanted to visit trade my cousins been making tick-tock‘s at fidget trading lately and my TickTock is lowercase isabellasmith766 but my TickTock cousin with her color that sometimes she makes inappropriate TickTock sometimes and I delete them she mostly does it on my Mimi‘s iPad I don’t know my name is account but I just love this game so much so I’ll be doing it on my TickTock so guys anybody wants to know my TickTock remember my TickTock just go back and read this again and find my user name which is really easy to find thank you for presenting this game.'}, {'title': 'good idea, bad execution', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 22, 34, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'whattheheff', 'review': 'i like the idea of fidget trading and all of this, but i have some concerns. ⬇️⬇️ (READ)\n⚠️1⚠️there’s this annoying coin bubble that floats around where you’re tapping, so it forces u to watch a video. this seems very annoying and forceful. if i want to watch a video to get coins, I WILL DO IT BY MY OWN WILL. \n⚠️2⚠️ the amount of ads are horrible. after EVERY game, there’s an ad. after EVERYTHING, there’s an ad. you should have WAY less. it gets to the point where i don’t want to play because there’s too much. \n⚠️3⚠️ in the game, there’s an option to retry the fidget trading if u failed, but u have to watch a video. if you click no, IT STILL GIVES YOU AN AD but it doesn’t let you retry. and therefore, it’s basically worthless. this is stupid. \n⚠️4⚠️ say you had a very bad fidget trading round and you only got 1 thing, but it’s still in the green, you will get 200 coins. but if u have a really good trading session and u achieve 10 fidgets, YOU STILL GET 200 coins! i strongly think you should get a different amount of coins varying of the rarity and amount of what you earned.'}, {'title': 'Amogus', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 0, 52, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'emilyfidget123', 'review': 'Hey non-binary friends, Emily here and I highly suggest this game. It is very addicting like drinking soda from a water bottle. Gotta learn how to scam some way. I recommend watching fidgettok and learning all about this amazing experience. I used to be bored all the time thinking what I was gonna do with my life while waiting to start second grade and I found this amazing game. I have been busy ever since and sometimes even tell my mom I’m busy 🙄 Anyways back to what I was saying if I could rate this game a 10 then I would rate it a 70. Playing this game is as easy as solving 1+1. Thats 3 btw. If you don’t know math you should go to school📚 peace ✌️ 🏳️\u200d⚧️'}, {'title': 'Good Idea, Poor Execution.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 34, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ConnorD08', 'review': 'Honestly, this isn’t anything special.  I downloaded it after watching an ad on TikTok and was a bit disappointed.  There are some things that definitely could use some improvement.  There are WAY too many ads.  I am talking like an add every two or three levels, which I would consider absurd.  It seems as though it is simply a money-making scheme.  Not a fan of that.  Plus, in some levels, all you do is place stickers or pop fidgets.  And if you are here from a TikTok ad as well, don’t get your hopes up.  You don’t really get to “scam” people. 😂 So yes, that was false advertisement.  Unfortunately, that was the reason most people downloaded this app, including myself.  In conclusion, the idea itself has a lot of potential, as proven by the 60k+ likes on the advertisement.  The execution, however, is pretty amateur.  The majority of games are like this in 2021.  I was genuinely hoping this would be a needle in a haystack but ultimately, it isn’t.  Hope this helps. :-)'}, {'title': 'This game can be so much better.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 0, 45, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Pumpkin Pie🥧', 'review': 'So, for starters when I saw the ad for this game it said that you could get scammed but clearly you cannot. I have had this game for a while and then a few days ago I looked on the cover on the game and it looked like you could get scammed. So I went in the game and you still can’t get scammed. I was very disappointed. Another thing is that you can now collect pop it’s but you do nothing with them. Please add it to where you can trade the fidgets you collect that would make this game so much better. One last thing is that I seen people have been complaining about how there are too many levels and they just wanna trade. I am one of those people and the creator thought it was a good idea to add MORE levels! I mean now the levels are a bit more fun but there are like 3 of them! Please fix this game and if you do maybe I will consider writing a better review.'}, {'title': 'It gets boring after awhile 🙄', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 20, 3, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Yoyr mom 😀😃', 'review': 'For starters the ads i know a lot of people already say this but it’s truly annoying I would like to just do a game and move on a couple of them are ok but after every single game no way Jose. Also I would like to buy more than just pop it’s plus once you buy all the pop it’s and watch the ads for some there’s no point for money, I also wish that after you trade you can see all the stuff also I don’t like how the fingets are the same thing like why am I trading money and a spider man lego like it just doesn’t make sense also the little kid games that are in there i don’t find it fun. Also that dumb little bubble with a coin that floats around like every where I’m trying to click it’s there. But the pop it sounds are nice I would like some simple dimples or Something and also to be able to add people and trade with other irl people. And  just not being able to play with the figets you get from trading I just don’t like it. But that’s all I got to say 😐😑😐🐸'}, {'title': 'It’s… ok', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 22, 12, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'a annoyed girl', 'review': 'so this game is really cool but there are a few things… for one when your finish a trade you get coins but u cant buy anything with them- it’s just there. Another thing the mini games are great but i wish you could choose whether or not you want to do them because some of them aren’t fun they are kinda babyish but the pop it sounds are pretty good. another thing is i wish you could see all the fidgets you have instead of them just showing you like 5 that you can trade. i also wish when your trading your fidgets they don’t put down the same stuff that’s on your side it kinda kills the fun because your trading something for the same thing you have i also wish that with the currency you can buy different fidgets because u feel like i’m trading the same few fidgets every time it’s like all the same stuff you’ve seen or traded could definitely use some improvements 😬'}, {'title': 'there are so many things you could add', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 13, 20, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lexie Hails', 'review': 'i’m not going to write ‘to many ads’ because this is a mobile game and there are to many ads on every single one. I like this game, but (at least to the point that i have gotten to) you aren’t allowed fo scam anyone, which was something showed in the ad i came across for this game. It got boring after a while. I also wish that there was a menu section where you could see how many, and which fidgets you have. then it would be more realistic, so you could trade to ‘get to the top’ and ‘get all types of fidgets’. Also this is a reach, but I think it would be wonderful if there was a “trading hub” and you pick who you want to trade with. You can also see what type of fidgets they want. overall, good game, but has a lot further to go than it is at right now'}, {'title': 'Not high-quality', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 56, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mamapumkinhead', 'review': 'This game is fun but it’s not the best game I’ve played. I have games like this and they have better quality and less ads. This is not a highly recommended game if you already have a game like this then you probably would not want to down load this one and probably want to download a different one like this because it’s not high quality is not very fun and you can get scammed very well so do not trust the bar that would like to say like this is a bad a bad trade or this is a great trade just go with your gut OK that is your instincts and yes. So this is not a very good game and I do not suggest this for you but if you like like ads and stuff and you like funny new games then I suggest this is for you because it has so many ads. Also  right as I download it it it gave me an ad so I had to wait for the ad and then I could play the first level.\n\nBye'}, {'title': 'Great but could be better', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 16, 58, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hhfjvdjdd', 'review': 'So I just got this game yesterday and it is the best game ever. But I feel like after a while it will get really boring and I really don’t like how much ads that they put in the game like you say no to something in they’ll still give you add and it’s so annoying. Like I know they’re trying to get money but like you put 100 ads for no reason. Although on the good hand it has a bunch of like mini games in there and I think that’s really cool and fun also I like the sound that it makes it’s really fun. But on the downside this can get really boring and also sometimes it glitches so it’s like even worse. But this is a pretty good game so I would probably recommend buying it because at the end of the day I have nothing else better to do so😀'}, {'title': 'Remove some ads!', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 22, 22, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '177283048256103030003928620273', 'review': 'I personally love this game. But what it could really need is an ad break. There has been so many ads that I can’t even play the game? I mean- this game should be called the ad game. There is to many ads!! And the trading with somebody else part is very fun! But when I finish trading, I get an ad. And when the ad finishes, I have to pop a poppet? It’s honestly really boring, and I just wanna get to the trading part already! And there is so many ads when you get done playing the mini games aka (popping a poppet) or something like that. And the ads take- FOREVER?! It’s honestly crazy how you guys would rather have people download and delete it again. Because of how many ads it takes to play the game, and because of how many boring mini games there is in order to get to the fun trading part?'}, {'title': 'This game is actually fun- just a problem', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 12, 13, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AveryLovesAll', 'review': 'So I saw this on TikTok and I was like “oh it would be funny if I scammed someone in the game” so I got it. And OMG it’s addicting!\n\nI love how they added a feature to scroll and see all of your fidgets! ONE question/problem\n\nWhen I’m trading, there are like these faded gray boxes that block me from adding an item to the trade. Even when there is 5 of that item. If you could fix that, please do!\n\nThis is a recommendation! It would be cool if you were able to scam people like in the ads. I’m talking about being able to trade an iPhone case with that post-it note saying “SCAMMED!” And when you do the trade they get mad!\n\nANOTHER recommendation! Being able to take things out of the trade! Once I added a pop it into the trade but I was thinking to fast and wanted to add AirPods instead! I’d think you could drag the item out of the trade! That’s all!'}, {'title': 'Please before downloading.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 0, 36, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tiny m e', 'review': 'So many ads. I’ve just downloaded this completed a level and already gotten a add it’s a 75% chance you get a ad after a round. 50% if you decline a bonus prize. It’s a great game though. The bubble pop sounds are nice, though I just wish there were more sound effects like for when I get the coins or a nice deal. This game is quite laggy I’ve gotten kicked out a few times. I feel pretty mad when I decline a prize for a ad just to get a ad. Please tone down the ads. You still could make lots of money just by doing small rewards for the players if they watch a ad. It would be a lot better and your game then would be almost perfect! This is a nice game if you don’t mind ads'}, {'title': 'Pro and cons', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 2, 6, 39), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'why do hou pay for this', 'review': 'Ok so this game is very fun 🤩 Cons :but when I saw that you could get scammed I was happy but then I found out you can’t get scammed I was very disappointed with this then the update came and you still cannot get scammed you can also collet fidgets but the only thing you can do is pop them I would like to trade them too the adds are a lot after every mini game you get an add u think an add every 3 levels is ok for me Pros :The trading is fun and weird lol the mini games are fun too I like the trading the best I like when you remove the tape suggestions: less adds more fidgets that aren’t pop it’s and getting scammed and more mini games other than that it’s great 👍'}, {'title': 'Not the best…', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 15, 3, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'yuhhhh get intoo ittttttttt', 'review': 'This game is really fun, when you get the app you think you can trade, scam, and play with fidgets but when you really get it. All the trades are unfair, and when the other person is giving you something and you offer they add something even though they are the person we’re offering to. The trades too, sometimes when I am trading the bar on the side says the trade is fair but then the bot says to add. Lastly there are way too many advertisements. For me there is an for like every single trade and bonus round, it’s ridiculous how many advertisements there are. Thank you reading my review if you are the person who made this app please fix those things. Bye!'}, {'title': 'My review', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 17, 33, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'brookie0909', 'review': 'By reading the reviews..I thought I like the game which I still do , it’s just the ads , like everybody else is saying I didn’t expect it to be that many ads but I did expect it to be a lot of them , it is an ad after every single thing that you do , not everything just saying you know , metaphors , but like almost everything you do , when you don’t want to watch an ad , and you put no thanks you still have to watch its like you’re forced to watch  it , and u can’t do nothing about it , The game will be so much better with not all these ads , it’s just too much in the game , but the game is fun that’s all I have to say about this game..'}, {'title': 'this game is AWFUL', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 18, 43, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'can u change a bit?', 'review': 'u can’t even scam anybody it’s nothing like the tiktok ad u can’t even get a jumbo pop it i also HATE the ads u get them every single level also in between the tradings the ad on tiktok looked so much fun you can’t even get scores u only get scores on mini games and you always lose when the bar is on bad trade especially when they tell u to add when they are supposed to add, you need to work on this crusty  game cause you can’t even do what the ad does, i’d rather make it seem like the tiktok ad instead of making it something very different. u barely even get to trade. if u are seeing this and you want to download it, download trade master it has less ads and its basically the same thing as the ads, don’t let this game fool u at all. this game is horrible'}, {'title': 'Adjustments please', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 0, 41, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fox it!!!', 'review': 'This game is fun and all but it has a lot of adds and the game itself is very glitchy and seems like it needs a bug fix. I also think you should work on the graphics like 2 unattached arms gathering the fidget is very strange. And also when you build pop it’s and play with pop it’s why don’t we do the ones from the collection thing otherwise what is it even for? And why does it get mad when you give the other person a lot of fidgets I would rather have more than a little so I just think this game needs improvement and more fidgets to trade'}, {'title': 'This game is horrible (PLEASE READ)', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 21, 20, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Callie768', 'review': 'The game overall is horrible. There is so many ads! Also there’s like a 40% chance you actually get to trade and when you do it’s sometimes unfair. The mini games are basically all pop-it games and when you are done with two/three you get a 15-20 second long ad. On top of that there’s a coin that flies around when you trade and blocks you from adding/accepting/declining, and when you hit it you get an ad.\n\n When you get three keys, you can get three. Chest. There’s this one chest though that I guess is rare and if you want to get it it have to get an ad. But even if you don’t get it you still have to get an ad to keep playing! The game is so stupid and I should have looked at the reviews before downloading it.'}, {'title': 'The main dislikes', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 1, 0, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MadWeird', 'review': 'I love the game but the amount of ads..no disrespect but if you broke and need to add like 1000 ads per level just say that… And it’s boring it’s called fidget trading but you trade in the game like once every 10 levels, I say it’s boring because all you do is paint and trade fidgets. Like why can’t there be a time we go to the store to buy more fidgets to trade? And last of all it’s NOTHING LIKE THE ADS. the ads say you open your iphone AirPods etc at the end and what happens instead you take it all and just pass the level. No matter how god of bad the trade is they just say “You completed the level!” Say I’m a Karen but I’m stating the obvious.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 31, 12), 'review': 'I live fidgets me and me little sister have a lot of them I have a little bit of everything I am going on a trip soon and I am going to bring all of my fidgets so is my sister I recently went to a fidget store with my friend I tried to get almost all of them because I love fidgets and that’s why I like this game I will try to play this game more often and that’s why I give this game a 5 stars well gotta go but please read this if you are getting this and if the game lets you type back please do bye ☺️', 'userName': 'limboe', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love fidgets', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 23, 38, 48), 'review': 'Ummmm so I think thare should be more real figits and more to choose from and you can add globbuls dimple slime make it more realistic I mean come on I know you can do better this game gets boring doing the same thing over and over and over again add more to do like play with frends and ern your mony and go to the store and bey toys to trade a lot of people agree with me plz improve I love figit trading but not this this is like pop it’s and stuff I do not even know what it is maybe put more though in it and make people happy hope you consider this rekwest and Chang some things thank you for listening to my thoughts', 'userName': 'emma3900000000999', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Please read maker of this app', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 17, 55, 24), 'review': 'Now I will say this app is fun because I’m a 12 year old girl and this is fun. But the ads constantly coming up and the little coin bubble just annoyed me so much. And the different ads. This game should be called fidget fun instead of fidget tradings cause that is not all it is. It’s an Asmr app. It includes pop its, fidget tradings and more. But I like to do that also but all mobile games have ads and stuff like that so it’s not a big deal but it’s an ad after every level. So I say it’s 3 stars because it’s fun to play but annoying easy I can play for 2 minutes then get bored and do it in real life by myself.', 'userName': 'henridje sbxhshs', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not my favorite but good', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 16, 20, 19), 'review': 'Hi whoever is reading! I just wanted to say, this game is really fun and its a pretty great game! For those of you saying there is to many ads just put your device on airplane mode or take it off WiFi! It worked for my phone! I have a couple of suggestions and concerns: \n 𝗖𝗼𝗻𝗰𝗲𝗿𝗻𝘀: \n1. There are many ads after almost every level\n 2. Some of the ads are inappropriate…my little sister was watching me play and an ad said he11, etc.\n\n 𝙊𝙠 𝙣𝙤𝙬 𝙤𝙣𝙩𝙤 𝙨𝙪𝙜𝙜𝙚𝙨𝙩𝙞𝙤𝙣𝙨\n \n 𝗦𝘂𝗴𝗴𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻𝘀:\n 1. It would be cool if there was an “online” mode where you can do trading rounds with your friends and send trade requests to your friends! \n2. Since we get coins i think there should be a shop where we can buy fidgets\n\nThis game is really fun and I’m not planning on deleting anytime soon! It would be cool if you added at least of of my suggestions! Thx have a great morning/afternoon/night and stay safe!', 'userName': 'OliviaKirby3007', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'I love this game but…', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 5, 1, 23), 'review': 'Hey everyone I have seen a lot of people complaining about the ads. They actually keep the game rubbing (makes the company money) but I will admit it is very annoying. So to get rid of them you turn on airplane mode. But that means that you can’t do any bonus after you finish the level. Know let’s get to the game. It is very addicting and fun. Also easy which makes it fun. But they really need to add online trading. It will make the game 10x better', 'userName': 'bepty rates this gane', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'How to get rid of ads and this game is fun', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 22, 39, 30), 'review': 'This game is a great time killer for anyone who is bored and wants to entertain themselves. But the downfall sets when you receive ads after every single level you play. It’s super annoying and I understand the need to advertise in order to make money, but it would be nice if ads showed up or were offered to the player every now and then- since the levels are typically very short. Another thing I’d like to touch on is the feature of having coins. It’s not hard to get a bunch of coins, but the downfall is that there’s not a lot of things to do with them besides buy fidgets. Once you purchase all the purchasable fidgets, the coins are typically useless.', 'userName': 'LexEDreviews', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Too many ads. Makes it harder to enjoy the game.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 1, 7, 34), 'review': 'This game is really great, it’s like hugging a dog too, makes you feel better. The only suggestions I have are 2. 1) the levels are super easy, I’m on level 117 and I’ve only failed 1 or 2. The levels need to be more harder if they’re going to be really enjoyable. 2) I have like 500,000 something coins and I’ve bought everything I can, if you could either make the buying options more expensive, or add more that would be great. Other than that, app is great and I would recommend playing.', 'userName': 'IThinkILikeThisApp', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Satisfying and stress relieving but…..', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 2, 4, 56), 'review': 'This game is so much fun everyone in the world should buy it and my friends have it so they told me to get it so I got it and it’s like so much fun so I think everyone in the world should get it and I also love fidget trading and so this can give me better real fidget things in real life I can get the stuff I want and fidget trading and I can get some fidgets and I can scam someone like the iPhone trick if they’re like a noob so this can you please tell me a lot about fidget trading so everyone in the world download it', 'userName': 'Randolf01', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Ooooooooooo', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 14, 0, 14), 'review': 'I got this game cause it looked pretty fun and it definitely was but there was a lot of adds. I know they probably have adds to make money or something but it was just way to many. At first I was fine with it but after a while of constant adds it started to get boring and it was not so fun. I would say if they took away some adds I think it would be a lot more entertaining, because I’m about to delete the game because of the overload of adds. That’s why I gave this game a 3 star cause it’s fun but there to many adds and it gets annoying after a while.<3', 'userName': 'Ava.1235', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'To many adds', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 19, 38, 17), 'review': 'Ok I like the game and stuff but there are to many ads at this point like what?! I dont like that . Well anyways… I have a lot of coins about 1M but I dont anything to do with it like every time u get ur  200 coins what do you do with it? Nothing. Bc there’s only fidgets to buy and not actually trade em. Kinda annoying. But good game and I like the fact that the pop it’s sound just likes real pop its.I enjoy that . But good game after all I quess just upgrade it some pls.', 'userName': 'blurberry🥔', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'The game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 15, 53), 'review': 'This game is pretty good. I enjoyed it until I looked at some reviews involving the liars that the game ads are. I was going to do 4 stars, but then I saw a review that said, “You don’t even get to scam people like it says In the ads!” . After that I changed to 2 stars. Graphics are good, but they I trying to make people get the game by simulating it to real life! Like in ROBLOX Adopt Me. You can get scammed for the best pets! Or figit trading in real life! But no. They had to be too lazy and not add the scamming. The game producers are liars, lazy, and yet they try so hard on the ads for the game, but not the game itself. Terrible producers.  2 STARS!!\n⚠️ PLEASE DO NOT PUT 5 STARS IF YOU JUST WANT PEOPLE            TO SEE THE REVIEW! ⚠️', 'userName': 'Leyliya', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Good Game, Good Graphics, But Bad Liars', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 15, 37, 38), 'review': 'We screen all our kids’  games even after installation. Yesterday this fidget trading app (rated 4+ years old) showed our 10 year old sexually explicit content including a cartoon tween girl being given off camera instructions to “take off your clothes” as if responding to someone on a webcam. She answers with “well I guess, my parents aren’t home, so my top or bottom?” \n\nIt’s terrifying, wholly inappropriate, and worse, teaching and normalizing predatory grooming behaviors. The ad appeared twice and now we can’t get it to pop back up to record it and report it to the FCC and FBI.\n\nNo one should be allowed to profit from advertising to children that is predatory. Period.', 'userName': 'TheLoFer', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Beware: Shows Explicit Ads to Children.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 18, 4, 51), 'review': 'I personally think it’s a pretty fun game, but there’s definitely some stuff that you could add to it. Like, for example, it would be really cool if it had an inventory sort of thing, where you could see all of the fidgets you have, and play with them. Also, (I saw a few other reviews say this), but to have a trading hub where you can choose who you want to trade with. This might be asking too much, but it would also be cool to change the look of your hands(?) like, be able to choose different skin tones, & add nails.', 'userName': 'Ahoyysydysypwwpoysohx', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'It’s a fun game, but needs more options.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 15, 14, 4), 'review': 'I enjoy this game but I took a star off because after doing one task in the game, there’s a long ad which is very annoying. Each task is about 30 seconds long, so you are spending most of your time watching ads. I took an additional star off because my ads are very inappropriate and I can’t report the ad. It just takes me to a page with a bunch of paragraphs. For example, a boy was lying on a couch with a blanket. There there was a tool so you could see under and he was you know. I wouldn’t recommend for kids under 7 because of the ads.', 'userName': 'MLovesToPlay', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun Game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 14, 30, 1), 'review': 'I would give it one more star but it would be nicer if it had more trading than other things. Don’t get me wrong it’s nice to have other things on the app but I’d rather have a small amount of other things on it. \n\nI really like this app in particular though because the sound effects are really good:), and I like that I don’t have to buy or pay for stuff that u get to trade, it just  pops up and u can trade it:). \n\n     So please try to add a small amount of other things on the app. Xx me<3', 'userName': 'Whothehelltookmytoast:)', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'It’s nice I guess', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 2, 32, 33), 'review': 'I like it but there are so many adds on the game that is all complainShort because who is writing these long long long reviews not like if I were anybody I wouldn’t write those long long long long long long long long review so I need to try to make this shortAs I can and less I like the game a lotI’ll so I just started it today it’s currently I don’t know what it’s like 10 at night and I really I’m really liking it so far so that’s all I have to say', 'userName': 'mistacoll', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Figts', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 12, 44, 25), 'review': 'I know it’s old news with these mobile games just being an ad pool and not even a game, but it still affects the quality so I’m complaining about it. Along with that, when I downloaded this from the ad I saw I was expecting to play a game about trading fidgets, but there was different games inside the levels that you have no option to not play. Like there’s one where you have to pop the pop its, and while I don’t mind it too much, it’s not what I downloaded. At least the pop it level was related, but then the levels where you have to slice fruit? That’s just unnecessary and has nothing to do with the premise. This was a good idea that was done dirty.', 'userName': 'b34rNo.six', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Just why?', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 22, 54, 44), 'review': 'I bet you’ve read a lot of reviews so you know what to Expect and you cannot get scammed there’s a pretty good game but when to get to like level 30 level 22 they won’t start excepting that much but still it’s a pretty good game if you the developer are reading this I just want you know maybe allowed to get scammed and maybe make it a little easier just for you to trade that in stuck on level 44 for a while.', 'userName': 'miss gamer kid', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good game but…', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 5, 16, 19), 'review': 'Okay I saw this app on TikTok and downloaded it AS A JOKE but it’s actually really fun 😟 anywaysss I have a few suggestions okay so first all I wish we could play with more fidgets like a simple dimple, squishy, or a tangle, instead of just pop it’s. Also I feel like the trading is too easy. Another thing is that I wish when u play with the pop it the pop it was smaller and closer to the camera cuz it’s kinda hard to see sometimes. Um anyways bye y’all! Have a great rest of your day (or night) <3', 'userName': 'solisperez', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Pretty good surprisingly', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 21, 3, 33), 'review': 'So I had this game for a month now and it the add it says you can get scammed and it never happened now you can collect pop it’s but you don’t do anything with them I had over 1K and I bought most of them thinking that it will put it on the slot thing but it didn’t and please can we play with online players and have less ads? Sorry for asking much have a good morning/night/afternoon', 'userName': 'Dixksbhsgs', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Please read this', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love this game it’s so fun. if you have trouble playing my trick is to make the person give you more stuff until it’s a fair trade. I’ve never gotten scammed wait...can you get scammed?\nI don’t know but I don’t care! I have no complaints because this game is awesome! but why do you lose when the person gets mad...not that I lose a lot I’m great at this game I’ve only lost... three four times but I think that’s it', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'It’s the best!!!😃😍😄', 'userName': 'had had12364', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 20, 14, 41)}, {'review': 'It’s a great game. But the adds drive me crazy! If you press (No thanks) it will still pop up and you have an add.  Sometimes, you won’t get adds but you will Shirley do  when you press YES😒 Sometimes the adds pop up as scams like glitchy, lots and lots of adds. BY THE SAME PERSON WHO MADE, Fidget trading 3D!What I thought the game was like ( Trade, BY fidgets, spin the wheel) but I guess you have to earn the privilege of trade? I just have to say there are some scams I have been seeing but don’t worry, if you what the game make sure to look at what people say of the game like this one (Fidget trading 3D). That’s it of what I have to say ( Don’t get it?) look at others!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Read this before you get it', 'userName': 'black_bear2021', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 11, 58, 40)}, {'review': "A couple of things I've noticed: You can't get scammed (even though it shows you can in the ad). Accepting a trade, no matter what, gives a perfect screen even if the trade bar is in red. You only win points in some minigames. Only some minigames are failable, others aren't. You have to watch an ad to retry a level. The cringy game, among us, one of its characters is a pop it. The majority of minigames are trading and pop its. I found this game hella boring and only found one challenging minigame, the block towering game. Sad. Apple keeps removing my line breaks so I have to add a bunch of periods which could've been easily replaced with line breaks if it weren't for Apple.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Horrible Game', 'userName': 'LeafyBFDI', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 22, 14, 7)}, {'review': 'Ok I could only find two trading games and this one is better but I recommend you add a thing where you can scam without using an add to scam. Also it would be great if you added different pop its or fidgets like a simple dimple, wacky track, nee dohs, and more. I would love if you could also get rid of most of the weird mini games because I got this app to trade and not play random other games. It would be great to do a thing where if the you or the other person declines the trade you go to other people.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Developers please read!!!!', 'userName': 'Daisy Rose😵\u200d💫', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 4, 56, 50)}, {'review': 'So I mean there was a lot of ads. And the things I did not like. Was there were some things that were not even fidgets like gold bars iPhones AirPods and stuff. And there were like fruit crush and popping pop it’s and I was like I just want to trade fidgets not pop pop it’s. And crush fruit like can it just me trading fidgets valse that what the game is called I was expecting just to trade not crush fruit and crap sorry for how long the review was and that my review was like about one thing lol.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'It’s okay ig', 'userName': 'its annokay game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 3, 2, 18)}, {'review': 'I Love this game it’s a fun game I like to play it when I’m stressed is helps me calm down and relax i don’t have any real fidgets so when I’m bored I like to play this game I think it’s very creative and inspirational when little kids play this game I bet they would want to make a game like this this is my opinion on this game I think you should download this app you will really like it :From: The Secret Reviewer', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'From The Secret Reviewer', 'userName': 'The Mask Reviewer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 22, 14, 40)}, {'review': 'I think this is a very fun game..but there is a few things I would like you to fix/add.\n\n1. I like the concept of the game I just wish there were more fidget trading rounds.\n\n2. I wish there were less adds. I mean there are adds after everything….AFTER EVERYTHING. I have been reading other reviews about the floating bubbles and I agree. Have that coin bubble is very annoying. I cannot tell you how many times I tapped it at the last minute of the round. Once I’m finished with the coin bubble add and have like 10 seconds of the mini game left….I have to watch another add.\n\n3. I do want more prizes after every round like get a different amount of coins or if you do a really good job a new pop it.\n\nI do really really like the game and I think it is satisfying. Just pls fix/add some of these or one of these recommendations', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Amazing…just a few recommendations', 'userName': '😊😁😀🤩🦄🦄🦄🐺🐺🐺🐺', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 3, 45, 5)}, {'review': 'The game is fun in all but you barely ever get to trade. And I’m like I thought that’s what this game was call. Unless you love watching ads I suggest you have this app but if not do not get it because after every single little thing there is a ad. Another thing that doesn’t make it fun is that they offer something to you but you have to watch an ad. And if you skip it you steal end up having to watch an ad. And I am like I literally chose not to watch an ad so therefor do not give me one. All in all this app is decent besides the fact that there is so many ads but I recommend the game and not the ads just saying.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Well', 'userName': 'LJK1313', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 2, 26, 16)}, {'review': 'Well this game all out great but there is a problems I would like if the owner can fix the first one is maybe  you can like add  like  add some fake ear phones  like in the picture  also    Is there like something to buy with the money we get EVERY SINGEL LEVEL we do We Get MONEY for😞no🤯 reason😡at🤬 all😤 if you could fix that it would top of the game completely!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'This game is good but read if your new…', 'userName': 'Arison🙄', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 2, 21, 45)}, {'review': 'Love the game the only problem is that it’s more of stupid little thing like peeling tape off of boxes and popping what seems to me like inappropriate pop it’s there was a eggplant pop it some people may let it slide but I don’t really find it appropriate also the game is nothing like the pictures make it for example you can’t open the boxes of the so called air pods and iPhones unless I am missing something and half of the options you can choose to trade aren’t even fidgets there are lego men and skate boards I just don’t see what the big thing about this game is it gets boring after a little while.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Inappropriate and boring', 'userName': 'raileighgrayceallemand13', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 22, 28, 29)}, {'review': 'I played this many time but knew something is wrong, gold, skateboard, iPhone, and many others that are not fidget..\nYou should add more fidgets and delete all the fidget that are not fidgets, some of these thing are not fidgets, I wanted to do a review to let you know some of these thing are NOT fidgets!\nI still really really love this game, but I wish it was only trading not anything else! Otherwise I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'This game is okay-', 'userName': '116366366364738288', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 51, 4)}, {'review': 'I love this app so much and I love trading since I am an only child and usually I don’t have anyone to play with and I actually do you have fidget toys but I have no one to really trade list this app gave me so much happiness that I actually got to play with somebody but there is a lot like a lot of ads and I absolutely hate them because every time you’re done they just trading or anytime you’re done popping some pop its it goes to a commercial really fast', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love it but....', 'userName': 'Maya .s.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 0, 48, 14)}, {'review': 'Hi there! please read all of this if you want this game!\n\nok, so this game is great but there are some minor issues. Theres not many fidgets in this game for some reason, here are some fidgets I would like to have in this game. DNA ball, simple dimple, Dimple, dimple didget, Mega and jumbo pop it, infinity cube, marble mesh, and maybe a bicycle ring, and puzzle ball. And maybe some more pop its with different colors, shapes, and sizes. \nThis game is also kinda boring after a while and here are some suggestions for updates! \n\n1. more fidgets\n2. more challenges/levels\n3. more apple products (yes, there are apple products)\n4. If people were to scam, that would be funny\n5. Finally, I just wanna see the person I’m trading lol', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Please read if you want this game!', 'userName': 'StarryNight✨🌙⭐️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 22, 7, 30)}, {'review': 'This game, to me, was really easy, boring, and just plain out stupid if you asked me. First reason- So, I was just playing the game, you know, normally, and then it just kept closing the app! It was so annoying! I got taken out of the app so many times! I deleted it for this reason, and, it was so easy! It wasn’t at all like popping real fidgets, but when you would pop the “fidgets” that’s all that would be on that level! It was so easy, and I got to like… level 64 in 30 minutes! Please, I recommend, don’t download this app. It also has way too many ads. I wouldn’t download it if I were you.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Horrible.', 'userName': 'Parrot In The Stars ✨', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 17, 24, 10)}, {'review': 'This is a fun game, but I am more interested in the actual trading part. I don’t like all the other things you have to, like pop all the pops on a pop-it, spin the wheel, or match the things that go together. I would like it to just be fidget trading. Also I think it would be more fun if the other person could scam you.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'It’s not bad but could be better.', 'userName': 'Em loves vill', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 9, 14, 51)}, {'review': 'I think that it’s a great game, just a little to much ads. I get an add after every level which is kinda annoying, after a bit of time I stop playing cause of the ads but I continue playing after a couple of minutes. This is a GREAT game! (The ads are the only problem by the way.)', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'One problem that needs fixing.', 'userName': 'LizzieBlizzie', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 1, 26, 28)}, {'review': 'So far the game is very satisfying, but I will say that there are too many glitches. I recommend this game for anyone with anxiety, and depression. Other than the glitches I will give this app a 90%.  When I first started playing the game I noticed my dream fidget toys. It made me so excited which encouraged me to play more. I will add that the levels are very short and there are mini games. This game is amazing🤩 I would recommend it 100%!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fidget girl 100', 'userName': 'Fidget girl 100', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 15, 53, 44)}, {'review': "the fidget trading part is mainly why i downloaded the game and it is very fun to play but the overwhelming amount of ads really makes it boring. literally almost every single round/level you complete theres an ad waiting for you?! that’s ridiculous. besides the point when you download this theres going to be different levels so its not just fidget trading all the time like theres some levels where u pop pop its and play with fidgets. the ads in this game is really whats making this game a lot worse. another reason for the review and or the amount of stars that i gave was that this game makes my phone completely overheat and they did fix this problem but if you're playing this game for 15+ minutes your phones probably going to explode, mines an ios 8.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'could be better :/', 'userName': 'Emily Avocado', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 21, 4, 6)}, {'review': "This game is very entertaining. No matter what its just something you'd enjoy and play everyday. There may be a bit too many ad's. But a simple trick is to turn off wifi and cellar data so you dont receive any ad's. I do recommend adding less ad's and more mini games. Like a pop it race or something like that. Otherwise this is just very entertaining", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Entertaining. Could use a bit of more mini games though', 'userName': 'Sheriff_Shmelly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 19, 35, 34)}, {'review': 'I love fidget and I saw my friend playing this game so I got it. The game got really fun the more I played. The only thing is that there’s only a certain amount of things to do it’s all the same once you start playing a lot and get passed a lot of levels. I think it needs more levels but, I really love this game compared to any other games it’s the best.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love this game', 'userName': 'Kailyn rudd', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 1, 48, 12)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this I don’t like the add after add but my little sister that’s 3 can play it and not be confused I love it and I definitely recommend but it dose get hard sometimes so watch\n out and watch what you do for your trading moves also make sure you know about digits because it can be hard but yeah I like it and definitely recommend!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 18, 32), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'My rating', 'userName': 'pressly H'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': '🗞🔖🥸sonó have Been playing this game for some weeks🐻/ rlly fun they added fidgets🌙💅/ and u can trade fidgets and they have even🧺 AirPods and iPhone’s/🌺/ 🐸if u don’t want ads u can take the internet and the data thing💄🔫/ they finally added new fidgets toys and new levels ♈️❤️\u200d🩹🗳/ Plus I love fidgets I have a lot of them / I think it’s way better then the other fidgets games!🧩🍄', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 23, 46, 48), 'rating': 5, 'title': '🦶', 'userName': 'conina uni'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'so I think it would be amazing if u added pop tubes and, simple dimples, and slime, squishys, dinosaur pop it, and more pop its, and a scroll to see all ur fidgets, and maybe a triple simple dimple, and maybe make the most legendary thing a golden pop it unicorn and golden pop it dinosaur, I think theses ideas of mine are amazing please add them in game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 15, 34, 17), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'amazing app but need some more fidgets', 'userName': 'melanie 🌻🌟'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The thing for me is that these adds are NoT kid appropriate and some of them are like Rock Paper Scissors to make the boy and Gil naked. And it just to get sick people to download the game. And I have played the game before and it is not that-ps I did not see the add before I played I was just on the App Store-anyways what is the point of the coins you cant scam people. And adds i mean that’s not a big thing but I don’t feel like seeing nasty stuff when a add comes like come on grow up.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 16, 28, 51), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Umm 3 stars', 'userName': 'nxnskAjxngnc'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game it’s fun and it’s entertaining but I would like to add some option I have I think after the trade bit you would not have the side thing like the puzzle and number thingy, it would make the game more about what it is about this is my opinion but I love your games otherwise have a amazing day :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 7, 50, 46), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Here’s my opinion', 'userName': 'msndchmdsbvjhw'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'When I downloaded I thought I was just going to trade, but no! I have to go through boring levels with a long add just to get to another trading level, and the amount of adds! One after every single level! I could get one after every two or three levels but you get one every time you beat a level, the game is 3% fidget trading 25% other mini games and 72% adds the only thing that brings it back from a one star is that the trading levels are kind of fun.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 1, 39, 32), 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Different mini games', 'userName': 'Pumpkinest'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game and the sounds for the pop it’s! It’s very nice and I love how the bot get angry when you don’t accept their trade every single level is my favorite I don’t even know which one to choice but over all This is an amazing game it might have glitches me out a couple times but it’s perfectly fine! 🥰', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 17, 14, 32), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'So addicting! 😍🥰', 'userName': 'the yeet girl'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game a lot for someone who loves figits and literally has 1,000 in my room right now I always want to figit trade this game is like a buddy to figit trade with but in my pocket. But the only problem that I’m with is that their is so manny adds I get lost in them. But other than that I would probably make this my favorite game to play.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 15, 14, 2), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I LOVE THIS GAME just one problem 😍😍😍🙂', 'userName': 'sophimo1'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So the game is really fun and all but it still has some problems. So trading is really fun and the mini games are also good but  1. (BIGGEST PROBLEM)  WHY IS THERE SO MUCH ADS??? Like seriously there is an add in the middle of trading or a mini game and there is one before it and after it like come on!! 2. You don’t get to scam 3. I don’t know what to buy with my coins what do you do with them but otherwise this is a very fun and good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 14, 44, 18), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Good game still but still has some problems', 'userName': 'Alexsise❤️💕'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is so cool I can’t stop playing it I get the best trade I trade them back so good only because that game is a OK like I can’t get over how bad and how good this creator the creator of this game a creator of the game you should get a raise like you should make more games and you should update the game more often because this game is amazing like I can’t stop playing it!.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 13, 20, 14), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'WTFLIPPPP', 'userName': 'lillyana125'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really love this game I just download it and it’s so much fun I hope that you make more games like this sorry if it’s too much to ask but I love this game and I really just mean I don’t even think thank you is a good enough word I just really love the game I hope lots of people have this game and I love it thank you', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 47, 38), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Thank you for making this game', 'userName': 'Eva 1292'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'OK so I just download this it was really fun and I like the noise kind of like ASMR but I hate how much ads it has and it doesn’t even have like one of those things I’ll let you pay for it to have no ads doesn’t even have one of those so you just have to like stick through all the ads and it’s really annoying but overall it’s an amazing game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 16, 24, 8), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great app but...', 'userName': 'cheer tastic'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a great game I love I’m at level 30-50 and play it a lot but there are some things you will notice first you will notice there no dark skin tones second you don’t get to keep the items you trade third there a lot ads and glitches if you are okay with all this this      Is probably one of your favorite games anyways thanks for reading.  \n😊😍🙂😜', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 18, 11, 41), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Plz read', 'userName': 'wowowowowowowowoooo'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After just a few minutes into playing the game I realized I can’t spend any of the coins I earn in the game. Yiu can’t see if you got scammed or not. And frankly it’s not that good if a game. You get add every time you either “retry” or pick the option “no thanks” it gets annoying after a while and I only had the game for a few minutes to end I deleted it. So don’t waste your phone storage with this game thank you.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 3, 24, 54), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not the best', 'userName': 'Jody Hills Scarcrow'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love it it’s a very good game I would get it if I was you but I have one thing to tell the workers is that maybe you can have like a inventory to see all your fidgets plz make this it will be extra fun I love this game and I will tell all my friends and family about this game I’m sorry this was short I’m running late somewhere', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 14, 46, 19), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good', 'userName': 'kawii girl~'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I hate this game my little sister got it and it has like a million adds, also they ignore the point of this game like the whole advertisement of this game is to trade fidgets but there is like a whole set of other games you have to play in order to actually play the main game, there is also a lot of inappropriate adds on the game and it’s just weird and annoying like every second my sister plays there’s an add right after it so yeah it’s a cute game, but it’s just too many add ands there’s just too much going on.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 17, 38, 55), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'annoying 😐', 'userName': 'Alina hernandez'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is mostly just little mini games where you pop pop its or whatever. Only two or so levels are actually trading. The majority of the game is also taken up by ads, so there’s hardly any gameplay. The popping isn’t even asmr-quality. You’d be way better off buying a pop it and using that instead. Besides, obviously no one is being paid to do quality checks on these “games” so I wouldn’t even give it 10 minutes of my time. Try harder next time, you cold mustardy corn dogs.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 18, 29, 50), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Look elsewhere my friend', 'userName': 'Griff Valley'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I downloaded this game and I thought it was so cute! It’s so detailed, so relaxing…but I came to think that there were too many ads. Every time I would accept the trade, or decline it, there would be an ad. Some ads were way to long so I decided to play a different game and shut off. This deserves nothing over 3-4 stars. I love the game, but the ads are TOO MUCH. I would prefer to download the game, just pls fix the ads!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 6, 29), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Too many ads', 'userName': 'teeteedog'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'after you do literally anything there will be a stupid ad that has been shown a billion times before and never changes sometimes in the middle of trading and then whenever you try to X out of them the download thing will pop up a few times. once you get all the fidgets that you cant actually use in the game the coins are useless and sometimes the ads glitch and i have to close the app and then restart it please no more ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 14, 1, 22), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'would give four if there wasn’t so many ads', 'userName': 'leah366'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I recommend you to read this before downloading 1 it’s very cool profile of it but like after two or three rounds each of the rounds it’s like six ads 2 it’s very good quality but it’s not really good because for me it’s always like kicks me I was like two or three minutes of playing the game so please fix that and remove all the ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 13, 37, 56), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'its not rlly good', 'userName': 'DeadlyRoowing'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love it! Just get ready for adds though.', 'userName': "sarah's report", 'review': 'So, after playing this for an hour, I decided that it’s a great game, but you get so many adds. If you can deal with those adds then it’s a very interactive app! You don’t just trade fidgets, between trading you color pop-it’s, pop, pop-it’s, and more! Super fun!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 2, 40, 58), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This game can be better', 'userName': 'ellielove cool🤩🤩🤩', 'review': 'So when I saw the ad of fidget trading I wanted the game so I got it and when I played it I did a fidget trade then after I had to pop the pop it and all the other stuff all I wanted to do was fidget trade so please fix that as soon as possible I would really appreciate it because the game would be more fun without all the other things.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 15, 29, 1), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Btw', 'userName': 'unicornlover948', 'review': 'I just downloaded this app today and the pictures that are showing the things in the app don’t match the actual game content.\nFor example, you can’t see the scammed part like in the picture. Another example, they don’t have tie dye pop-it’s in the game.\nI am aware that this app is only a week old but I thought I’d give you some feedback.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 23, 56, 37), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'HORRIBLE', 'userName': '👁👄👁 juice juice', 'review': 'First of all, WAY to many adds. I’m talking, after every round I get an add. Maybe like after every 5 rounds an add, but not after every round. It’s also really dumb. I found this game of of tiktok, and it showed you getting to scam people, but to as far as I’ve made it, you can’t scam anyone. After like 20 minutes it got boring. It’s a really stupid game and you should add more stuff, including: \n\n1. Add a place where it shows how much money you have so you can buy more fidgets\n\n2. TRADING HUB so that you can trade some fidgets❤️\n\n3. Scoreboard to show you who is “Top Trader”❤️\n\n4. Cooler fidgets and more choices.❤️\n\n5. Add a thing where you can trade with friends, or trade with REAL people!❤️\n\nThese are just suggestions and I hope you didn’t find this offensive and if you did, I’m sorry and I could not do any better! Keep of trying and you’ll get it someday ❤️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 19, 33, 29), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'TIPS AND TRICKS', 'userName': 'sorrybuttaehyungismine', 'review': 'Heyy! Great game YOU ALL MUST EB THINKING ON HOW TO GET RID OF ADS, well u came to the right review! Turn off ur wifi swipe up the app then you’ll be all set! LOVE THE GAME btw a suggestion is, u should let us choose what game we wanna play, like for example. Oo I wanna. Do fidget trading,( then we can choose to play that)other than that love the game and everything is super realistic', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 17, 19, 12), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good and bad', 'userName': 'Alayna. A', 'review': 'This game is a great idea and the games are fun but the amount of ADDS is to much. I just got this app and I am already annoyed with the amount of adds. After each game I do I get an add!! Like what it that for but besides all the adds I really do think this game is great. All the games are fun and I love that you can collect many pop its. If you are reading I think this would be a good game for people who have time and patients.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 18, 5, 30), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great but two small things', 'userName': 'peezyclan24', 'review': 'This is a great game but two small things,1 there are adds after every single level,  2 when you collect the coins you have to stop your trading just to watch a ADD 😤😡, if you could please fix those things that would be great 😁😁!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 23, 9, 56), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very good game!', 'userName': 'fla_sun_shine', 'review': 'I she’s one little problem with the game it’s a very great game just one thing it shows you can get scammed but you can’t even if it shows you could you guys add that I know some people would like to have that feature I know I do (lol) but the game is great other than that!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 20, 13, 50), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'i think its a good idea put together poorly..', 'userName': 'ⒿⒶⓎⒹⒺⒷ', 'review': '📀truly its awesome, but 30 second adds after every level is to much and it makes it unsatisfying and makes me want to stop. i am finding a different game when i am doing writing the review. i will stay updated incase the adds are fixed.📀\n🐸i think its also poor that they ask if you want to open something or no. because if you pick yes, you watch a 30s add. if you pick no you watch a shorter add. i just dont think it makes sense🐸\n🍄i think we also should be able to spend the money we get and have an option to fidget trade when we want instead of doing the levels! if you want to try this game out, go ahead!🍄', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 18, 37, 9), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'So Fun Now :)', 'userName': 'bff_pancakes', 'review': 'Thanks for the improvements and I have some requests to add more fidgets other than pop it’s and please add emotions to the people we are trading like emojis to show if they are mad,sad,happy with the trade and, please do something with the coins cause there’s no points in the coins can you make it to buy fidgets please it would be very fun, and that’s it, really great game I love it ♥️♥️♥️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 4, 7, 20), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': '(PLEASE READ)⚠️⚠️', 'userName': 'apurplefan', 'review': 'Hi Am Emy I’m literally 8 years old and here is what I think about this game, It’s a very nice AND fun game. I would of gave it five stars but the only reason why I gave it four was because it’s called “ Fidget Trading3D” not “ Pop fidgets” I hate the levels with popping fidgets so please change the game to fidget trading ONLY. Now am just a little girl but please do it, Thanks for Reading enjoy the game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 20, 57, 35), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Boring, and time consuming.', 'userName': 'jygnryfntxrgd nxnegdn', 'review': 'Like what do you want me to say? so many adds and when you are searching in the App Store for a game and this comes across and looks fun, you download it. All the games are SO BORING!! I downloaded it today and deleted it 5 mins later. You keep playing it for something to do, but then you realize you are wasting your time on it. Pls just take out some adds and change the coin levels based on how you did.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 18, 14, 16), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game but one suggestion', 'userName': 'Kdv2005', 'review': 'I downloaded this game and it was fun to play. I noticed that you get coins after every level but there seems to be no use to the coins. It would be cool if you guys could some shop or something where you could spend your coins.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 13, 0, 29), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'READ NOW', 'userName': 'mic.cat', 'review': 'I give it 4star because it has so many adds but it is a really fun game great for little kids and the sounds of the pop it’s is amazing but it is the same thing over and over and over again but overall I think it’s a good game so thank you for listening to my review \n\n(Pls decrease the amount of adds there are thanks)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 7, 56, 32), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Comments lol', 'userName': 'BDS-LILBEAST', 'review': 'I like this game because I love fidgets but don’t have much and it’s a fun game to play because you can get your dream fidgets ! But somethings I would want them to add in the game is like fidget trading with real people and also having a inventory like every time you trade you keep those things and lose what ever you trade to make it seem more realistic', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 21, 46, 41), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This is the best game ever', 'userName': 'LL ydia', 'review': 'It’s the best game ever I love fidget trading with my friends so when I’m not at my friends house it’s a good way to fidget trade but basically with other people if I’m right into the owner right now this game is amazing and you should make another game like this and that means keep rooting for your dreams\n\n😛😋 I love your game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 0, 51, 6), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game but full of ads', 'userName': 'PreetOnev', 'review': 'This game is amazing. But however, the ads are the annoying part. Every time I play at least one ad each game.  I would like to see less ads. The game is great it’s just I want to see less ads. It would probably change my rating into 5 star review. But anyways it’s a great game I just wanna see less ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 3, 24, 14), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Addicting game, but', 'userName': 'ReyEatsRamen', 'review': 'I got this game as a joke but it’s really fun and stress reliving. I love the levels trading but the good or bad meter makes it a little easy. The other levels with fidgets to play qigong and unlocking new fidgets however are super fun. The one thing I hate are the ads, there’s an add after every level and ads on the bottom of the screen. It makes it frustrating and crowded. Overall this game is super fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 22, 45, 19), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Poor outcome', 'userName': 'CraftyGav', 'review': 'I got the game when i was writing this it was not as expected, for example it showed that you could scam people but I never got to scam, and I thought that every other level had an ad but instead they had them go sometimes two times in a row and I find it very annoying.I could go on and on about how many things i have problems with. Needless to say this game has a lot of updates they could do.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 20, 32, 12), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'an unnecessary amount of adds..', 'userName': 'jdbsushegw', 'review': 'Sometimes I spend more time watching the pop up adds than actually playing the game- and not to mention this app could be way better if you or they could actually scam and play with other people which you cannot. It was fun at first but I think it just needs fixes… it has potential but as of right now I dont even want to play it anymore😭', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 22, 48, 18), 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'Good but bad', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 0, 57, 38), 'review': 'The game is so fun but there are some thinks that need to be fixed there are WAY too many ads also it’s really easy scam then so if you can make it a little harder I put a 5 star because the game is pretty fun just the scam and the ads are the bad think', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Sarahi1988'}, {'title': 'Keeps freezing!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 15, 58, 28), 'review': 'So this is a good game and all, but it keeps freezing! And especially annoying when you are doing the bonus levels because you have to watch an ad so when it freezes you have to do the whole thing over! So good game but keeps freezing.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'SuperSaimmm'}, {'title': 'Amazing game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 19, 5, 27), 'review': 'I love this game so much! If you love fidgets I would totally recommend this game. Lots of people say it has way too many ads, but if you turn on airplane mode then you have no ads!if you are reading this right now, get this game! Also I am so obsessed with fidgets and this game is so fun!!!!!❤️😁❤️😁❤️😁❤️😁', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'MiaMcGeE'}, {'title': 'DONT GET IT HACKS YOUR PHONE', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 16, 56, 6), 'review': 'I got this game and it was super glitch and boring so I tried to delete it but It wouldn’t let me. All of a sudden I had no bars and I couldn’t go into any apps. Then my phone shut down even though it was at 91% I don’t know what happened but I kept on trying to delete it until finally I shut my phone off and I could delete it. Also the game is lame there are adds EVERY SECOND and it has you do these weird toy things like stacking cups and doing puzzles, you BARELY EVEN GET TO TRADE. DONT GET THIS APP IT IS HORRIVLE AND IT WILL TRY TO HACK YOUUUUUU', 'rating': 1, 'userName': '🐢❤️😍😜🥳'}, {'title': 'I love it! ❤️', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 3, 52, 9), 'review': 'This app is so satisfying where I live pop it’s cost a lot and here you can just get online pop it’s. I love the new update it’s nice to use the coins cause at first when I saw you get coins I was like “what do you do with these coins?” But know you can buy pop it’s!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '03Unicorn_cupcake'}, {'title': 'Ugh', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 23, 40, 14), 'review': 'There is too many adds and it won’t let me scam and they can’t scam from the level I’m on and on the pictures they scammed but it won’t let me scam because the other person will decline and I thought that you could just trade but there is also other things too like popping a pop it and definitely deleting and I would NOT recommend this app there is DEFINITELY other apps better than this one', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'balouga whale 368'}, {'title': 'The omg best', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 14, 44, 3), 'review': 'Best game ever I mean you can trade fidgets it’s amazing I’ve always wanted you to visit in real life is just like real life so it’s even better it is zero problems if there’s one problem our last one reveal on this game but it’s so good barely any ads and that’s the best one there is no ads', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'epic Talia'}, {'title': 'Trash😑😑', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 2, 24, 59), 'review': 'When I  saw the ad I thought you can actually get scammed and open the boxes of the AirPods and iPhones but no you can’t and whenever u add things it’s always a bad trade but when the bot adds things it’s a good trade and you trade the same things not like the ad on Instagram 😑😕', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '$Durd!anah$$$'}, {'title': 'Best game ever', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 13, 0, 18), 'review': 'This game is amazing I totally recommend it for the ages put if you’re a little older I would recommend a different game or you could try this oneScheme is amazing and I would love to see more amazing reviews because it is so amazing and we played every day!!!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'moon mare'}, {'title': 'It’s okay', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 4, 27, 32), 'review': 'Honesty this isn’t the best thing I’ve gotten from the App Store but not everything here is good. But there are some things that make the game bad like how there’s a(n) add after every single thing and how you advertised scamming people (the reason I got this) but it’s okay overall just not the best thing I thought it was.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': '*{[}%£¥¥¥¥>~😊'}, {'title': 'I love fidgets', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 18, 40, 34), 'review': 'The game is surprisingly good! My friend recommended it and I don’t regret it, It’s an actual good fidget game! The ads can get a little annoying sometimes because they are after every single level, and the game freezes sometimes, but otherwise it’s a really good game!\n\nIt’s a really easy scamming fidget game at the same time 😂😂😂', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Lazy Potato <3'}, {'title': 'It’s amazing but….', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 19, 48, 8), 'review': 'I love this game but every now and then it has no sound no matter how high the volume is. Usually I try to reload the game but it still doesn’t work. When I want to play the game sometimes it has no sound.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'jumping maddie'}, {'title': 'This Game is so Amazing ❤️', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 22, 6, 47), 'review': 'I just found this game today and I thought of downloading it so I did, it was very fun! The ads are not a problem to me, their only about 10 second ads, and you can skip them so. Somehow the trading is actually fun!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'DogoHuskies'}, {'title': 'I have a idea that could change these game !', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 0, 17, 26), 'review': 'Look these game get coin but for what for ?  Well my idea is to buy more fidgets so you can trade less ads and no mini games just fidget trading I think that would make it better and also would be a 5 star if that change worked !', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Roblox family'}, {'title': 'To many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 18, 41, 26), 'review': 'This game is ok… it has way to many adds,  not realistic and not all levels are fidgets. I wish that there was not that many adds and you could be able to have a fidget catalog with all your fidgets but it doesn’t. I also wish that all levels would be fidget trading, over all the app is ok definitely needs more work.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'pay robux'}, {'title': '💯', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 11, 38, 10), 'review': 'i was a bit disappointed, i think you can use some improvements though. I thought that we had to earn the fidgets and have a menu of them, and you could trade with others and or bots. it has also come to my attention that theres ads every level i pass, which was pretty annoying.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'samshijun'}, {'title': 'Horrible', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 13, 55, 8), 'review': 'What’s up with yawls app it’s horrible y’all are literally making me do other things then fidget trading it’s like it’s shouldn’t be even called fidget trading because it’s not doing fidget trading it’s not making me do like other things that involve fidget but not fidget trading', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'I love dogs369'}, {'title': 'I like it but…🤔', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 7, 51, 43), 'review': 'So I was watching tiktok and I saw an ad on this game so I was like “I should get this” so I got it, at first it was very fun then ads popped up (i didn’t think much bc there’s ads on every app) until there was ALOT of ads, I kinda got mad but I didn’t start to care anymore, so yeah that’s basically it ty for reading this if you are!❤️', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'your_local_weirdo•-•'}, {'title': 'To many adds!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 14, 34, 25), 'review': 'I love the game but way to many adds! It’s like after 1 round for 20 seconds there is an add and it’s really annoying! Look I’m just trying to play but it’s hard to like it when there are adds!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '😀catlover'}, {'title': 'Way too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 20, 4, 56), 'review': "Sorry, but this game has way too many ads that it's unnecessary. I would give this game a 5 stars if this game didn't haven't this much ads. If this game didn't have these ads I would definitely give this a 5 star rating. Please change your ad system :).", 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Nita Chaiwatanarat'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 18, 46, 11), 'userName': 'that is all! 👌', 'title': 'Meh', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So it’s okay but I’ll give it a 2 because it just gives you the same things over and over again. Wouldn’t recommend if you want something with more stuff'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 7, 1, 43), 'userName': 'im kinda nice', 'title': 'My review?', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There is nothing wrong with it, i would play this when i get bored. It’s just too many ads. I get apps are meant for ads but every round i finish there is an ad. Which i find really annoying. I would play more but i can’t take the ads. The app is soothing and helps with calmness, but it angers me that i see an ad every round.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 12, 31, 50), 'userName': 'MakenziT2008', 'title': 'Coming from a kids point of view…', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Hi I’m Makenzi and I am 12 years old. I love the game but I do want a few changes made. I think there should be more fidgets and not as many adds. Every time I turn around there is an add on my screen and I’m NOT the type of kid who likes to wait for things. If these changes are made the game would be so much better!🤍❤️'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 1, 54, 20), 'userName': 'Missmelis555', 'title': 'Way too laggy', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ok, a lot of people say that it’s too laggy and I completely agree! Now you might be thinking that it might just be my electronic, NOPE this is a new iPad and it’s STILL glitchy. This game froze twice while playing it in under 5 minutes. The reason I didn’t give this 1 star is because it is fun to trade and play with fidgets. I am definitely deleting this as it is basically useless'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 3, 28, 49), 'userName': 'kam A. marley', 'title': 'Love it 😍!!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It is just like fidget trading in real life but you really don’t have to give up for real things like I do with my friend!It’s just so entertaining for me and you can add as much as you want unless they tell you to add. But other than that it’s amazing!!!!❤️'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 20, 54, 40), 'userName': 'hedwig_tacos', 'title': 'It’s oki but..', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I played this game and it’s fun but there are so many adds like for you free gift you have to wach a add and if you also hit no you still have to wach a add it’s really annoying also can it just be like where you trade and not anything else because it’s getting really annoying when it happens anyway that’s all.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 3, 24, 11), 'userName': 'tQ5yN8xQyF3uPr9m', 'title': 'Adds and Mini games', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There are adds every three levels. I don’t mind adds but this was a little annoying. This is misleading. It claims to be something to just trade with but you only trade what feels like every ten levels. The mini games ate only pop it related. If you like mini games you might like this but I didn’t I sorry.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 20, 56, 12), 'userName': 'jlmarshall21', 'title': '0 STARS!', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I was really bored so I decided to get a new game. Since I Love fidget trading with my friends I thought I would get this game. This is a new iPad that has 3 games on it and when I tried to download it, it would not work. A thing popped up on my screen saying “This game is to full” and it has two buttons. A don’t download and a download for 15$. I was so shocked I got so mad also. I told my mom and she tried to download it also but the same thing happened. Do not download'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 23, 28, 47), 'userName': 'tubbo2021', 'title': 'Please read', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is great no glitches but the ads are ok after you are done there will be an ad but they are pretty short ads I rated it a 5 star because I wanted people to see this but I would rate it a 4 star'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 12, 28, 18), 'userName': 'catastronaut567', 'title': 'Fun but a tip', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "So this game has lots of ads!!! But if you turn of your internet and go on airplane mode it won't give you ads! So then you can fidget trade without ads. One more thing for the owner of this game, maybe put more options of things to trade and less normal items and more fidget items."}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 11, 50, 46), 'userName': 'dhdhdhdhdhddh', 'title': 'Great but to many ads', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game I’m addicted but there is way to many ads after every round there is a ad like enough already it’s just slowing down the game but I gave it 5 stars because it’s a really fun game and I like it.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 0, 15, 4), 'userName': 'paintgirl2.0', 'title': 'Wish it could stay on the topic', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I wish it’s stayed on the topic of the game and not other things like “ chopping fruit” or this and that and would get rid of some ads because to me after every single mini game it’s gives me a ad but this could be a lot more better. But besides all that it’s a pretty good game!🙂'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 21, 17, 11), 'userName': 'sunny☀️🌻', 'title': 'READ!!!!', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is good and all but every five seconds there’s ads it’s really annoying and also after a while it’s kind of boring and it annoying if your okay with ads so be that then you can get the game but there is way to many adds I hope the see all of these reviews so the can fix the bugs and limit the adds that all'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 14, 34, 36), 'userName': '🥸😎😄😍🥰😘yay', 'title': 'PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU GET IT!!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game but there are only two problems that they need to fix.\n1. There are wayyyyy to many ads.\n2. I collected all of the popits that you can get in only 1 day so now I am practically just collecting money for no reason.\nBut I would still get it if I were you :)'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 4, 26, 2), 'userName': 'Ty👱', 'title': 'Underwhelming, even for this', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'As someone who plays Chinese knock off games and other horrible creations for fun, this is hands down the most disappointing game I have ever played. For a game called “fidget trading” u wouldn’t believe only a fraction of the game would be that. U trade with AI and then do countless of short mini games with an annoying ad between each. Disgusting. I know it’s fidget trading, but Jesus at least TRY and make it something other than an obvious cash grab'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 16, 23, 12), 'userName': 'lia194975929', 'title': 'Stop complaining', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Guys if your phone is off like where you need wifi and it doesn’t come with wifi turn your wifi off and it’s no more ads ez'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 25, 40), 'userName': 'Kari Minnae', 'title': 'Pretty good!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "This game is pretty good! It's not the best but certainly not the worst. My only complaint is this game has so MANY ads! It's ridiculous. After one 20 second trade, there is already an ad. If you don't like ads don't get this game! Now, Also, this game is not giving me realistic fidget trading vibes.\n\n:o)"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 15, 27, 34), 'userName': 'waaaaaaaaaaay to many adds', 'title': 'This app needs to take away the adds', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'For example, when I spin the “wheel of fortune” or whatever it’s called I get something then it offers to watch an add to spin another wheel, I say no thanks but then an add shows up to get out of there! And every time I finish whatever it was for me to finish.. Adds, adds, and more adds! Take some adds away!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 19, 32, 33), 'userName': 'Averie.H', 'title': 'Great but adds', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game but there are so much adds. On almost every level there are adds. What I did was I turned on airplane mode. I also wish that you could buy stuff with the money you get. And there is also not much fidgets to trade with, there is no scammed stuff like it shows on the picture.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 15, 48, 55), 'userName': 'figdets', 'title': 'It’s good but one fix', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game but there’s a lot of over topics in for EX popping pop it’s and but together pop it’s. I also got this app expecting fidget trading but I got a lot more things aside from trading. It also has way to many ads every time I trade or do something it gives me an ad and it’s very annoying.'}, {'review': 'I like this game I get to practice how to trade pop it because that’s cool we have puppet wars and we try to pop it so that’s why I like this game because it teaches me how to play Pop It war at my school and on this game thank you', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 13, 22, 14), 'userName': 'laila rog', 'title': 'Leila’s gaming tablesI’m riding tidal', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is so good I was bout to unalive then I saw this game and I said “nuh-uh” I’ve been fidget trading nonstop for five years now I’m so addicted 🤩😍😍😘😘❤️🥰🥰🥰🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝😝 I don’t even know where my children are now 🤪but this game is great now I have no custody of my children 😍😍😍😘😘😘🤩🤩🤩🤩😂😂😂😝😝😝😝', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 14, 34, 1), 'userName': 'sifudget', 'title': 'This game is so good', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I honestly think you guys and the company should make it only fidget trading. Removing all the block stacking, puzzles etc. why make the game called fidget trading if it’s not just fidget trading. If you guys removed it I’d give a 5 star review but I’m not baiting you to do it. It’s really dumb, (no offense of course,) but it’s kind of boring and ruins the game. So sometimes on purpose I lose to the extra stuff then I do the trading.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 35, 24), 'userName': 'layla18193', 'title': 'My opinion.', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I personally just like the trading part cuz it’s fun. I wish there was an option to choose if you wanna play only the trading or play the mini games too. I also hate the ads but that’s how you make profit haha but I wish it wasn’t after almost every game! Can you pls put a only trading option?', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 7, 14, 19), 'userName': 'Broke Lil Hooman', 'title': ':)', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love the game i just wish it was all fidgets and no gold or skateboard. Also it has \nWAY to many adds before I got the game I had saw another re\nView that said too many adds. There is an add every 1-2 levels and the levels are fast!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 22, 11, 28), 'userName': 'fidgetgirl123', 'title': 'Not bad', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is so fun and amazing i never could do real tiger trading and it’s so fun and it makes me happy and it helps when you can’t buy real figets so it also help i give it 5 stars it’s the best game i have on my phone.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 13, 34, 54), 'userName': 'maleyna cutie', 'title': 'Amzing', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is better than I thought. I have barley any complaints. Only the ads. The ads are out of control. And some of the trades are pretty unfair. The only fidget any of trading apps trade is pop it’s. Other than that, it isn’t that bad. Highly recommend!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 13, 58, 55), 'userName': 'GRDLGH910', 'title': 'Pretty good', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There are too short of levels and too much ads. And the graphics are very low quality, and you can’t skip when the levels are very “hard”. \nAlso, it crashes your phone and freezes often.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 2, 49, 17), 'userName': 'Blossomstreak', 'title': 'Not the best, but still good.', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I was playing and after every trade here was a ad at first i was like it fine but now it’s really annoying it’s fun but there is alot of ads so if someone is reading this don’t just not get the game because of this one review it’s still super fun the ads are just kinda annoying', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 0, 22, 30), 'userName': 'lil sabo', 'title': 'Good not the greatest', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There’s an ad after EVERY SINGLE level. I’m literally not exaggerating. You watch a 30 second ad just to play a 20 second game, then you get another ad! This is extremely frustrating and annoying and makes me not even want to play! I rate it 2 stars just to be nice, but honestly I think it deserves 0. Unless this gets fixed don’t play this game.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 46, 48), 'userName': 'Jauhssu', 'title': 'WAYYYYY to many Ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is a overall good game, but there is way to many adds. Whenever I press something it like “ you watch this add and it gives you something.” But whenever I press no it still give you one. And also I try to do something bam there’s a add.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 15, 51, 5), 'userName': 'Bella Mougouris', 'title': 'Way to many adds', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'So this game is not the best but it’s not the worst. I think it’s a little boring all you do is trade but if you really want to download it go ahead no one is stopping you. I don’t like that there is a lot of adds however it is fun and all but I do not recommend downloading this game. It’s good to play if you are bored. Have a good day. (:', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 20, 17, 38), 'userName': 'pinkblox325', 'title': 'Game', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "Instead of just doing fidget trades, we can do different activities so we don't get bored of doing the same activity over and over.I highly recommend it.", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 3, 31, 49), 'userName': 'Maya rosario123', 'title': 'I love this app!', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Trick 1•So this game has many ads and If you don’t like that I suggest you should put your phone on airplane mode so you don’t get any \n\nTip 1•this game states that it’s just fidget trading but no it has more games like learning games and and other+ so it has different mini games but mostly fidget trading \n\nTip 2•when I was playing the game it had more inappropriate ads than other games I play so I don’t really think you should play with wifi to prevent your kid from seeing these ads\n\nThat’s it thank you 𓆉𓆉', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 14, 18, 56), 'userName': 'Bianca the Best', 'title': 'Tips and tricks', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I know my title was bad but that’s not the point first of all this is a fidget trading game and there chopping fruit and lots of ads you get one every time you do something like paint a pop it ad popping a fidget ad you do the same things over and over just a girl who wants to play a fidget game not paint one', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 2, 45, 18), 'userName': 'ray 😍🤨🤣', 'title': 'Bad!!!!!!!!!! But fun', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'ok so I just downloaded the game because I seen so many ads so I thought I would try it out,   When I first opened the game I was like cool! then after the first fidget trade that was my last. After every level u do u have to watch a 30 second ad! so I decided to delete the app and leave this rating I hope u read this thru and feel my pain thanks, Khloe. 💕', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 22, 2, 9), 'userName': 'Kokonicole11', 'title': 'I feel like I got scammed but no money spent.', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'When I got the game I thought I was going to love it it turns out I was wrong 😑after every round it was an add I thought it was just trading and I was wrong I thought I was able to scam and I can’t the worst is the ADS!! The reason I gave the game. A 2 is because the trading is ok. Make sure you read before you play. Thank you.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 22, 5, 38), 'userName': 'cccccccccmep', 'title': 'Read before downloading', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Not all people want to fidget trade with iPhones AirPods switches etc there should be an option to not have that. I think there’s should be fidgets we can buy and trade we can start with some starter money or a starter fidget those improvements will get a 5  star rating from me.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 23, 30, 42), 'userName': 'Un1corn Gamerr', 'title': 'Needs a few things to be five stars', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Hi I really love the game, it’s amazing, it’s really fun but there are just too many ads and that’s the annoying part of it. Every time when I just do something with the trade, it always gives me ads. So please fix it. Thank you.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 13, 1), 'userName': 'Lindsey and Cole', 'title': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'It’s fun to play and has tasks other than trading fidget toys, but there are a few bugs. I was trying to pop a fidget and at the last two bubbles they wouldn’t pop so I had to reload the game. And I was watching an ad and it froze for like 5 minutes.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 13, 5, 28), 'userName': 'Abbyjbrad', 'title': 'Great game, a few bugs.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 11, 18, 21), 'review': 'Honestly people! There are lots of more ads in different games it doesn’t matter how many ads there is like who cares atleast the game is fun and worth getting it!!', 'title': 'Ads', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Dacia26', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 8, 35, 32), 'review': 'Hi so I added this app today and I liked it but it was VERY slow and glitching and I don’t like how the game is supposed to be only about trading but you put like so many tasks like pop the pop it I just wanted a game to go on to trade and it’s a wonderful game just the task you make us do them way to much', 'title': 'Good but task', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Girlygirl309', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 18, 35, 52), 'review': 'I downloaded this game for my granddaughter because she thought designing a phone case would be fun but she cannot even get through the initial painting without being interrupted by an ad or some other interruption, and she is too young to understand. She keeps asking me what is wrong. I can answer that….what is wrong is irresponsible unprofessional use of ads! \nDelete is my response!', 'title': 'Terrible', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Mountairy', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 15, 47, 34), 'review': 'If you are looking for a game that doesn’t need wifi, you are going down the wrong path by looking at this one! There are so many ads that need wifi. There are ads in between every “mini game” in this game. I have had this game for 10 minutes now playing it and only once have I gotten to trade fidgets because of the ads. I do not recommend this game in any situation.', 'title': '!Not a very good game!', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'GIANT BILLY GOAT GRUFF', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 22, 49, 32), 'review': "So I downloaded this app so I could have Somthing I could play when I was bored when it downloaded I was so excited and when I opened it glitched out my Ipad and it was nothing like the ad I tried to delete it and it wouldn't delete I was so mad and my Ipad cut off when it turned back on it was still there and when I pressed the delete button it deleted :( terrible app >:(", 'title': 'Are you Kidding me', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Eieiwiwiwi', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 19, 34, 3), 'review': 'It teaches you more and more as you level up, and it teaches you to always make fair trades! Like in a game like roblox, royal high, you can trade. And this app tells me to never scam and treat others how you wanna be treated', 'title': 'The app is so great!!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '~Hailey617~', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 57, 11), 'review': 'Hello, I love this game! But the adds are crazy, I’m already on level 8! The adds go on every single second, after I’m with a level there’s a add, pop, pop, and pop, the pop-its don’t make the real noise! But please fix the adds, try this out if you want you will see if you do like it, or not! Thank you for your time.     From:Lila Date:2021 July 6', 'title': 'ADDS', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'XxLila_BugxX', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 1, 20, 47), 'review': 'OK so from the other reviews in for the funeral plans with OK OK so from the other reviews and ingame playing there’s a lot of ads between levels but beside that everything is perfect.', 'title': 'Everything is awesome but to many adds', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'QueenNessie2071', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 20, 31, 48), 'review': 'It’s OK but I would’ve expected to trade the whole Time I didn’t expect anymore little I suppose mini games I’m trading if it was just trading in a couple times of popping puppets I would’ve been OK with that I’ll give you the four stars', 'title': 'Meh', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'djwkcksoaocjrkakf', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 38, 18), 'review': 'If you turn off cellular data and wifi it doesn’t give you adds bc you have no internet. Yes, the game works with no internet', 'title': 'How to get rid of ads for free', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'sophiesabri', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 2, 2, 19), 'review': 'Overall this is a great game I have played for hours.  When I finish trading the person I would like to be able to interact with the fidget toys (like pop a pop it).  Something else that would make this game a lot better if we could scam.  Thanks.', 'title': 'Suggestions', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'horse_lover1256', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 13, 57), 'review': 'When I downloaded the game it looked addicting and fun but when trying to download the app it wouldn’t load my storage was fine when it stopped it popped the whole name really fast and when hearing these reviews I decided to downloaded in my opinion instead of scamming for fidgets looks like your scamming for money!', 'title': 'Doesn’t download', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'best oki boom', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 33, 27), 'review': 'The game is amazing and I always have fun doing the levels. But after every level there’s an ad, I wouldn’t normally complain about this but the ads takes away the satisfying feel for me. I would definitely recommend the game for people who are more patient.', 'title': 'It’s Ok', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'what do i put in dis???', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 21, 50, 28), 'review': 'This game is very good and great for fidget people like me,I really recommend this game, the only thing is there are to many ads, every round there is a ad but other then that it’s a great game!', 'title': 'Great game but to much ads', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Almemay', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 1, 12, 38), 'review': 'Ok so I know it’s a game but the person your trading with is so dumb like I tried trading a switch and they only had a mini pop it and they got mad and declined because I wasn’t adding like a switch is worth way more than some flipping mini pop it', 'title': 'Why just why', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'bobby sanual', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 17, 19), 'review': 'It’s an amazing game but the reason I put 4 stars ⭐️ is because it has wayyyyyyyyyyyyy to many ads!!!! And I’d also like for u to collect ur own fidgets not just the stuff they give u!But anyway other than that…ITS AWESOME 🤩!!! Whoever’s reading this have a good day or night!!😁😁🤪🤪😎👍🏻', 'title': 'It’s awesome', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Princesskat2011', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 18, 56, 31), 'review': 'It’s a fun game but when you trade you have no freedom you only have a small amount of fidgets and you don’t keep the fidgets you revive from the trade. There is to many ads there is a ad after every level and the level and be like 1 min so that is a add every one minute. GOOD THINGS. I love the idea of the trading game!!', 'title': 'It’s OK.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'smooche pooche', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 11, 9), 'review': 'Hi so this is FIDGET TRADING not “oh good trade? Ad then two levels of non fidget trading” and there should be no levels. This is unbelievable and there should be no “good, it’s kinda good and bad trades” every time I except a good trade the bot says add. And it declines to many times. PLEASE fix this. I like but not the best. Please change all the complains about this.', 'title': 'Plz change this stuff', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'mcdonalds girl✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼✌🏼', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 7, 9, 3), 'review': 'It’s okay if you love fidgets but there’s way too many ads like every time you pass a level or don’t pass it gives you a ads each time so if your someone who doesn’t like ads DONT GET IT but if your okay with it get it and see for your self if you want! ❤️', 'title': 'It’s alright but.. 😬😩', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Marii 🤍⛲️☁️', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 17, 16, 39), 'review': 'So first of all you half to play mini games that are not related to fidgets Second of all you can put a lego down and they would give you A iPhone and they would wanna trade it is so fake \nAnd you can not open or see your fidgets after you trade it dose not show if it is a scam or not I prefer The other fidget games do not get this games there are also so many adds 😡👎🏻', 'title': 'Bad the game is a scam 😡', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'i ❤️ Moriah elizabeth', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Best game ever played', 'review': 'This is the best game I’ve ever played with fidget tradingI love it and you still love it too so go play this game and you’ll have so much fun with friends and family is the best game you ever see', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 3, 33, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'alyrict10'}, {'title': 'Review', 'review': "I recommend this app it's good for when you are bored or just to play in free time it has a lot of ads which is basically the only problem other than that it is amazing", 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 41, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Emma lemma Lou'}, {'title': 'It was good over all', 'review': 'I just didn’t know what to do with the rest of my fake money and it does everything over and over again but other then that it is a great game', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 21, 12, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'animalpug780'}, {'title': 'cool but not so cool', 'review': 'this is a good game and very fun. if you have a kid that plays with fidgets it would be a perfect game. but there is one thing the is so annoying!!!… it has adds every second. fun in games and all but i can’t deal with these adds. literally 30 SECOND ADDS! and everytime you trade your fidget or play on this game it has an add. if you don’t like adds or don’t like to wait, don’t get this game', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 7, 0, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lucy dasiy lunna'}, {'title': 'WAYYYYYYY to many adds', 'review': 'I played it for less then 2 mins and could already tell that it was one of those games 😬 it’s fun but if you want people to keep playing you should half the adds you’d most likely still get the same amount maybe more  money bc ppl wouldn’t stop playing immediately like I did ☹️', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 0, 12, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Yeetus-i-love-Cleetus'}, {'title': 'fun, just confusing.', 'review': 'it’s overall a good game, I just couldn’t figure out how to use my coins. I’ve looked up how to use them multiple times and never could figure it out. Other then that, it’s pretty fun.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 23, 35, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'vsco girl sksksksk and i opp'}, {'title': 'AWsOME but too many adds.', 'review': 'This game was great for stress relieving and quite relaxing but it did glitch a lot and has a lot of adds that I was not warned about. All though this game lets me do what I love without being sad about getting scammed, I rate this a 4', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 16, 0, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Makenna.M.'}, {'title': 'Very fun one problem', 'review': 'Ok I am just going to say AMAZING game. One problem though, so in the ad they say you can get scammed in the game but you don’t. I know that sounds like a plus but it is something I wish would get fixed', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 22, 46, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Morgan DM'}, {'title': '⚠️‼️PLEASE READ‼️⚠️', 'review': 'You don’t actually get to trade much in the game. You mostly pop fidgets and paint them for money 🤦\u200d♀️. There also are tons of ads after literally everything you do. When you do get to trade, you can’t add first and all the fidgets you collected you don’t get to keep', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 19, 42, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Brielle$$'}, {'title': 'To many ads', 'review': 'You should really think about adding a no ads game pass . It gives me a ad every level it’s crazy annoying really think about it', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 22, 44, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lucy 🦙'}, {'title': 'It’s Good 👍', 'review': 'Left the game it’s really entertaining, but I feel like it should be just fidget trading not anything else! 🧐The biggest thing is…. SOOOOO MANY ADS it’s so unreasonable when I do one level it’s like five ads pop up and I turn off my Internet so I can play and not watch ads 🙄😐😕 6/10', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 17, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'reagan..lattimer'}, {'title': 'I Do not recommend !', 'review': 'I would not get this game I found this game on TikTok and thought it seemed fun but no. At first the fidget trading is fun , but then they really don’t get to scam you. And there are wayyyy to many ads. It’s like every level 2 adds and then it’s only (1) fidget trade per round and then you have to like pop fidgets. I was very dissatisfied please fix this!', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 0, 58, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Reporter of View'}, {'title': 'it’s not bad ig', 'review': 'i like this app but there’s WAY WAY too many adds i like how you don’t have to pay to play the game and get the items to trade- i’m not saying get rid of all the adds but just saying maybe y’all can do adds maybe every four - five rounds!! thank you!!💕', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 15, 29, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'zara larson fannn'}, {'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'Guys if you don’t like all the ads just put your phone on airplane mode and all the ads are gone! It still works the same just without the ads! Also this game is pretty good but how do I scam? <3', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 6, 22, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cloudy~ <3'}, {'title': 'No adds', 'review': 'Turn off wifi and other to get no adds! :) problem solved', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 5, 41, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Grey Greu'}, {'title': 'WAYYYYYY TO MANY ADS', 'review': 'the game itself isnt bad but it is mainly really short levels with a really long ad between them all there is just so many you cant do anything and it kinda ruins the game. i like the fidget trading part but thats abt it other than that it is just like all ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 4, 18, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'alexis radatz'}, {'title': 'Too many adds!', 'review': 'Everything is nice i guess its just the adds. They play after every level and it gets annoying. Overall i think you should consider cutting down on the ads. Thanks', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 14, 21, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Weeb1293'}, {'title': 'i love it but the ads', 'review': 'so i got this game to have fun and play it,but theres so many ads like when your done with a task. theres a ad so maybe add a ad after 4/5 task? so like im trying to. do a task then after i done it theres a add like i know other games have adds but, this one haves way more ads then expected so please add. less ads because im trying to play peacefully and have fun but there a ad every minute. thank you if you change that theres to many.😁', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 17, 26, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kb2121'}, {'title': 'Nice Game!', 'review': 'I think this game is really fun and relaxing! However the amount of ads is not fun.  After every single level is an ad so it take away some of the pleasure from the game. However, overall the game is pretty cool!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 7, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Amandaloki'}, {'title': 'To much ads', 'review': 'The app is amazing you know it’s really funny and fun to play but there is just one reason why I kind of don’t like it there’s just too much ads in the app and like it’s hard to play when there’s ads popping up everywhere', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 10, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'YourLocal..Bunny'}, {'userName': 'hi 134redflash', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Hi!!!!! I love the app thank you so much for making it it’s so much fun I played almost every single day I download it like 10 months ago it’s so much fun thank you so much bye!!!!!!!!', 'title': 'So much fun!!!!!!🤩', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 22, 45, 5)}, {'userName': 'Khmagiccity1', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Ok i love ❤️ pop it’s in real life but I never knew there was a game so I downloaded it and I love it! It’s so cool and fun 🤩 if you love pop it’s this is the game for you! By the way there’s not many ads,', 'title': '😂', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 20, 56, 2)}, {'userName': 'yesIdissagree', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game it’s so much fun the idea is great but….. There is sooo many adds every time I pop a pop it there is an add so I’ll give you five ⭐️s if you reduce the adds. Thx\n\nSincerely, Someone\n\nP.s. I get the game is free but please reduce the add amount☺️', 'title': 'Would be five but…..', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 2, 16, 52)}, {'userName': 'every nick name is yaken234', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'When u try to click no it gives u an add EVERY TIME so u can’t really get out of having ads. Please fix this, this is a really good game but u guys with these ads are makin the game bad and making me not wanna play.', 'title': 'To many ads and I know the reason why', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 19, 40, 18)}, {'userName': 'addy/aa', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Im\nHighly disappointed!! I’ve played the game and way to many ads! I expected to fidget trade like the title said but there’s barely any of that?!? Like what? Even when I am trading they make me add a bunch and only accept if it’s a bad trade, confuesing right? I’ve only been playing for 5 minutes and I’m highly disappointed! I’ll update when I’m further in the game!', 'title': 'No just no', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 1, 32, 48)}, {'userName': 'Moocandy', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Okay so I’m happy somebody made this game but I was expecting just trading not pop all of the fidgets or anything like that and the next thing is when I finish a level and I’m going on the next one a ad pops up every single time it is very annoying', 'title': 'THE ADS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 16, 38, 23)}, {'userName': 'lil tayera', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'the title of this game sounds very fun liek your going to trade fidgets and if your into that stuff it is fun that’s exactly what the first level it but not the rest of them. After every level there is a long ad your can’t x out of. The levels are fidget related but there not fun at all i deleted the game right after i got it. I don’t recommend this what so called “game”', 'title': 'false ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 21, 27, 27)}, {'userName': 'hdudhdbsksnss', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'If you want to make this a five star review you have to take away commercials and not make people pay', 'title': 'Bad stuff', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 33, 34)}, {'userName': 'subTo pewtiepie1006', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I like the game a lot it’s just it has a lot of adds if there was one thing I could change it would probably be not having as much adds but it’s still a really fun game', 'title': 'I like the game but please not as much adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 17, 33, 32)}, {'userName': 'roblox lover 😩', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This app is AMAZING! You can trade fidgets and you can also play with them! I totally recommend this app. While trading you also get a bar that shows if it’s a bad trade, ok trade and a hood trade. DOWNLOAD NOW!', 'title': '100% RECOMMEND', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 34, 30)}, {'userName': 'kwkakqoqpqoq', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It’s a pretty relaxing and fun game. But the advertisements take up 50% out of the 100% of fun there is in this game. This is a good game I TOTALLY recommend it, just be warned of the ads. Hopefully the devs see this and take the ads out.', 'title': 'Good game but one star off bc...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 18, 42)}, {'userName': 'PeachCxndy', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I was pretty excited by this game but why are there so many ads and so many random games? I find the trading part so fun but to get there I have to go through 2-3 menace games that aren’t even fun just to get to the trading part. And I understand these games will have a lot more ads but one ad for every try and turn is so obnoxious and uncessacary I was so dissatisfied', 'title': 'Fun idea but', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 4, 25, 8)}, {'userName': 'how do you get scammed', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’m trying to get scammed for fun but how do we get scam this review is not helpful I’m just asking so sorry for wasting your time', 'title': 'How do you even get scammed?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 0, 8, 22)}, {'userName': 'unicornsanddounuts', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'So it’s really good, other than the fact that there is WAY too many ads. Every time I pass a level, it gives me an ad; like candy crush or something. I was fine for the first 4/5 levels, but when I got to level 15/16 I got really annoyed.\nYeah, it’s a REALLY good trading app, but there just too many ads.', 'title': 'TOO MANY ADS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 22, 16, 11)}, {'userName': 'Its not bad or good', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': "There's a good game here with the little pop it's and what not. But there's way to many ads. If you want to spin the wheel one more time you have to do it for an ad but if you hit no thanks it still does an ad!", 'title': 'A lot of ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 12, 16, 12)}, {'userName': 'zebrajps', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This app looks cool and my 6 yr old started to play and liked it and then I noticed the inappropriate ads.  They were sexy with inappropriate wording for kids and pictures that are def on the edge of naked and suggestive.  This app is rated for 4+!!!!!  \nI wish there was a way to block these ads and still play the app.  Wasted money and a disappointed kid and mom :(', 'title': 'Def not for young children', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 14, 55, 26)}, {'userName': 'I love Animals!!🐶🐶', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I rated it a 4 Star rating because when I complete a Level I always have to watch a 30 second Ad it’s kinda annoying but the game is fun and I love it because I love fidgets!!😅😅😅🚕🌈🌈🌈', 'title': '4 star rating!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 15, 6, 32)}, {'userName': 'jenrhdbshsjajjdgb', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It’s a great game but there is to many adds and you can’t use any of the coins that you get. The rest of the game is good. I’d mostly recommend this game if you have time for adds every level.', 'title': 'Great Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 19, 16, 40)}, {'userName': 'summitcat22', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Hey I’m new to the game but the first few minutes there was ad after add like can t we have fun and enjoy the game honestly so game creator pls no game not ads and on more thing we should be able to choose what game we want to play like if I jest want to trade not do mini games so pls change this😫', 'title': 'Pls change ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 2, 51, 14)}, {'userName': 'seara16853', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It is very good game the only thing is that there is so many STUPID adds like really after every level it has a add but other than that it is a fun game', 'title': 'It is a good game but there is one bad thing about it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 29, 27)}, {'userName': 'YaraAlwaisi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 42, 29), 'title': 'Best for kids', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Kids would love this. There are some parents that say fidgets are useless or stupid. so if a kid doesn’t have one they came use this app'}, {'userName': 'iljsjdj', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 4, 24, 51), 'title': 'figet', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Love this game it’s really fun when you have no one to trade with you but the thing is how can you scam someone bc I wanna do that . But other wise this game is really good and overall just amazing!! I love these Kinds of games'}, {'userName': 'lovererrerrreererrre', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 8, 30, 19), 'title': 'I like it', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love the game but there are too many adds… I hope the owners to the game can make there be fewer adds because after every level there is a add but overall it’s a great game.'}, {'userName': 'Angola mansour', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 4, 57, 20), 'title': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Every time I play one game there is always an ad and they take forever, other than that the game is really great I can be entertained for hours but the ads are just way to much'}, {'userName': 'Keylee b', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 22, 56, 59), 'title': 'My experience', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game is great, but some this don’t relate to fidgets, the trading is unrealistic, and there are too many mini games that wasn’t advertised in the ads I do recommend if you like all types of games thank you for listening!!! ☺️💕'}, {'userName': 'oki dog', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 0, 34), 'title': 'Great except…', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game a lot! It’s super fun to trade and on some levels you solve puzzles! It’s pretty good except for the adds! Every level you have to watch an add before you can play. Besides the adds it’s super fun!'}, {'userName': 'kittyscat gaming', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 1, 56, 44), 'title': 'Eh it’s fine', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': "I like the game and I think it can be fun but, I downloaded the game to fidget trade not to pop-pop it or to do tasks to get the level up I just wanted to trade fidgets not to get my level up after I trade. I also think there are way too many ads I don't mind ads but when there are a lot of ads it gets annoying."}, {'userName': 'sabrina❤️roblox', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 20, 38, 16), 'title': 'No adds', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'So basically I downloaded this app and I loved it it’s just the adds. It kept playing the same one it’s a good game take away the adds though.'}, {'userName': 'jhhhhheutjvjd', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 15, 21, 54), 'title': 'Great game but one little thing that’s not great. 😕', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It’s a great game over all, but there one little thing: you get so many coins each round, but you can’t spend it on anything. So yeah. Do that. Thanks 😊'}, {'userName': 'BROEVERYONENICKNAME', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 19, 37, 50), 'title': 'Not really good', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The game overall is okay I came from Tiktok to download it because it seemed fun. But after you complete a level there is way too many ads. Then you have to wait either 10 or 15 or maybe even 20 seconds for the ad to be over.'}, {'userName': 'ℂ𝕖𝕝𝕚𝕟𝕖', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 21, 34, 26), 'title': 'Nice game but there is stuff that needs changing', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I like fidget trading, it’s nice if you have no one to fidget trade with. But the ads are totally false. You can’t scam people or get scammed. Even the app icon is misleading. Also, I don’t like the filler levels where you pop fidgets or stack cups.'}, {'userName': 'itzgachakf', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 23, 39, 28), 'title': 'Awesome game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is really awesome but there are too many ads but what you can do is to not have internet and there aren’t any more adds but it’s a good game.'}, {'userName': 'jdisjdje', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 22, 23, 8), 'title': 'Wow', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I got this game for my kid because she really wanted it, 10 minutes later she comes back and said that it was the best game ever. 5 star’s'}, {'userName': 'plz.fix.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 0, 13), 'title': 'Please Fix The Ads', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'this game is amazing but there are way too many ads and they come on every 10 seconds…. i love the game but the ads are too much :( it’s okay for there to be ads but not too many :) thank you.'}, {'userName': 'too easy too hard', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 8, 8), 'title': 'Ads', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'If there are too many ads turn off WiFi'}, {'userName': 'Ivy Mythshadow', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 1, 11, 3), 'title': 'Good game too many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'It’s a very nice game although it could do without the adds. I personally don’t think that games  like this really need this many adds but it is a very good game anyway would recommend playing 😊'}, {'userName': 'cutey carm', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 3, 30), 'title': 'Best', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'If you don’t like ads turn  off your WiFi because this game has lots of ads'}, {'userName': 'JasonNotFound', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 1, 11, 52), 'title': 'I like it', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game but one thing is that when I’m done with the trade, you get to play with the mini games which is fine to me but I thought it’s just trading.'}, {'userName': 'CookieFlo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 23, 33, 43), 'title': 'I dont like it', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I dont like this game because there is way too many ads. And the ads i see on tiktok for this game is only trading. And i downloaded this game only because i wanted to fidget trade. But i always have to pop the pop its to get a surprise box. I want to trade more in this game!!'}, {'userName': 'jwnshd', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 4, 7, 32), 'title': 'My comment', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'There is so many adds but I like the trading tho just not the adds after the trades and mini games so could you add less adds or more fights to'}, {'userName': 'jxxjkxjdgdgd', 'review': 'I love this game it is so nice but one thing that would be good is that we give the other person the fidgets and see what we have that be nice', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Trading', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 13, 30, 26)}, {'userName': 'shaybo234', 'review': 'Over all it is a fun game to play, but there are so many adds it feels as if you were watching clips the whole time you played! But besides that the game is really fun and i would still play.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Three stars', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 57, 37)}, {'userName': 'lil_tpl', 'review': 'It’s the best because when you get to day 10 you will have no ads and it’s the best jk it’s not that fun and the day thing is fake', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 6, 34)}, {'userName': 'Em_.therat', 'review': 'The thing I hate about most apps like these is that they have way to many ads but this one is worse because there are ads after every single level. It is the most annoying thing ever.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good app to many adds.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 13, 55)}, {'userName': 'hirangelagoat', 'review': 'This game is so realistic and awesome to play and also you guys did a good job with the pop it’s it looks so real and you can pop the popit  and is so cool', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'To best game ever', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 17, 50, 35)}, {'userName': 'heyhey$$26', 'review': 'I like it but can you add in the next update more pop it’s because I already got all off them and add a few new levels', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hello', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 19, 52, 20)}, {'userName': 'stjhhhhhhhhh', 'review': 'Ok so I love this game it’s so fun but the downside is that there is so much ads I am starting to hate the game beachside how much ads there are so they really need to tone it down on the ads and it will be a good game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing game but', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 18, 28, 14)}, {'userName': '💕✨💙✨💕', 'review': 'There is a lot if ads and challenges after one round  and you aren’t able to scam people like shown in the ads. The bot who you are trading with makes you add when you are over.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fidget Trading 3D', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 0, 22, 39)}, {'userName': 'nola bell schoenborn', 'review': 'I think this is a awesome game because if you can’t trade in person because you don’t have fidgets it perfect for you', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Awesome', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 46, 59)}, {'userName': 'dahlia-16', 'review': 'I just got this app yesterday, yes it’s fun and I love how you can play with the fidgets in between. However, after every trade, there’s an add and it’s so so annoying!! Not just that but there’s also random adds that come out of nowhere and it makes the game less fun.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many adds!!!!', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 21, 31, 33)}, {'userName': 'nicorose12', 'review': 'So I was just playing and then I click decline cause I knew it was a scam but there was too many adds and wanted me to do then there was a poppet to pop it was a pineapple and there was another one and now it’s stuck there cause it says to pop and now it’s stuck', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s stuck', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 18, 26, 3)}, {'userName': 'JUSTGIVEMEQIQIGOD', 'review': 'I wrote this review because of how amazing this game is. i love it so much i showed it to my whole family! they all loved it 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing. Just Amazing. Changed my life.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 3, 31, 42)}, {'userName': 'Night_OwL Forever', 'review': 'The idea is cool. But the actual game… not so much. \n\nFirst of all. I agree with many people. There are WAY too many ads. And my game crashes a lot of the time. Maybe it’s just my phone. 😐\n\nI would also like to scam people. It’s in the ads and the icon photo. (Whatever it’s called.)\n\nMaybe you can add it to where you can collect fidgets and see how many you have.\n\nThis game could be better. But the idea and the satisfying popping are nice.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Could be better', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 21, 59, 43)}, {'userName': 'money_aries2021', 'review': 'I really like this game thought it was gonna be just fidget trading but u can pop the pop it’s where u can pop them all it’s super glitchy so pls fix', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Huh', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 23, 6, 25)}, {'userName': 'Enjoy commercials', 'review': 'There is an ad every 15 seconds and I can barely play the game and have fun with the game and when there is a button that has an ad symbol and I press no thank you under the button with the ad symbol it shows an ad when I did not click on the ad button.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'About the ads...', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 21, 42, 58)}, {'userName': '.:FOX:.', 'review': 'I mean, it’s alright, but could it be better? It pops up non stop when you play a mobile game! So, I decided to try it out. I mean, it’s hard to script and do things but…It was fun for literally a minute, then I got confused…', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I guess', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 8, 22, 9)}, {'userName': 'PaytynB', 'review': 'So many ppl saying ‘to many ads’\nWell since this game doesn’t require wi-fi, go into setting and turn off WiFi and then the is no ads\nYour welcome 😌', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Lil hack 😉', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 22, 9, 36)}, {'userName': 'ნიტა_ბიტა', 'review': 'Too many ads that make me angry and want to delete the app. Also why are there other games like matching clothes or other stuff that not fidget trading? If its called FIDGET TRADING it only had to be that. If not make another name because this is like scamming people. Also remove ads. Theres too much and takes up half of the game', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Very problematic', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 10, 43, 34)}, {'userName': 'unicornovagames', 'review': 'As soon as I start the game I do one trade, then for 6 levels i just pop something?-', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Read please.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 12, 38, 9)}, {'userName': 'Amy1162', 'review': 'This is fun even though it keeps kicking me out it’s really really good thank u for reading this', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun kinda bad though', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 6, 4, 43)}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 20, 26, 28), 'review': 'I wish I had fidgets my cousin thinks there fidget spinners there my dream I hope I get some I hope not fidget  spinners I can’t wait to play this game', 'userName': 'unicorngirliscute123', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I want fidgets', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 18, 3, 13), 'review': 'I love this game but it is way to inappropriate for little kids I mean seriously eggplants they don’t know what that means and it could make them ask their parents also please add pop tubes simple dimples and marble mesh', 'userName': 'nah fix it plz', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great but a huge flaw', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 1, 43, 18), 'review': 'It’s ok I guess if you don’t have anything better to do but there’s a TON of ads and not much point to it… the coins you earn do absolutely nothing 😂 it’s entertaining for like a few minutes but the levels are just repeats 🤷\u200d♀️', 'userName': 'it wont let me type a name', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Not that good, not what is advertised', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 3, 9, 57), 'review': 'Too many ads when I press no thanks on opening gifts it put an ad on', 'userName': 'aghjkfdcrtbtnyffrfftf', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 22, 12, 24), 'review': 'It’s soo annoying- there are so many random things  plus ads… I wish it was just trading and I’m also disappointed you can’t get scammed. I just got this app today and I already hate it. The only thing I like is the trading, which is what this is SUPPOSED to be. I’m deleting immediately!😡😡😡😤😤', 'userName': 'Izzie #2', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Read full message!!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 23, 47, 23), 'review': 'the game is fun and all but i cannot even figure out how to do the scam feature and it is really annoying. also the ads could be cut down a little', 'userName': 'bdbxsiakks djaisjnd', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I dont understand.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 21, 20, 48), 'review': 'this is a dumb game for some but it’s HILARIOUS seeing that i get scammed or how many times i press the “add” button overall not bad it’s pretty good may be annoying but most the time it’s funny 😀👏🏽', 'userName': 'Ariana Bowles', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'FUNNY I-', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 21, 1, 37), 'review': 'The ads get on my nerves you can’t play the game cause ads and you expect me to pay for no ads like no I don’t need to pay just take the ads a little down', 'userName': "pretty hair and don't care", 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I like it but the ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 20, 52, 44), 'review': 'The app is nice but the amount of adds they put on the game makes me really frustrated, like every time I get done with a lever it gives me an add and it’s super annoying, but other than the adds the game is super fun', 'userName': 'chicken finger are bussin', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'The app', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 17, 37, 46), 'review': 'Hey, hate the dumb ads being thrown at you for playing a minute level? Turn on airplane mode for no ads!!', 'userName': 'Coopster521', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Nice game!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 1, 56), 'review': 'If you don’t like the ads just turn off your WiFi and it works I do it all the time', 'userName': 'ghghfjsodnfhfjejfutn', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best game ever', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 9, 9, 32), 'review': 'I personally love the game lol, I found it off tiktok and there’s no issues to me other then there’s way too many ads, as soon as the level your on is over with, if you win or lose it then there’s an ad and I understand that they have to make money with the ads but not every 2 mins<3', 'userName': 'smullins🔥🌪🌟', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 19, 0, 9), 'review': 'So I was trying to figure out how to see what you got inside the AirPods or iPhone but it never show and the first mini game is always the same poping  pop it to let you know', 'userName': 'mia.A :)', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not what your seeing', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 13, 47, 52), 'review': 'I like it and all but there is WAYYY to many ads I can’t get a BREAK of ads from this game like it starts getting boring after all of these ads it seems like the creator of this game just wants the money from the ad', 'userName': 'idgafiykm', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'TO MANY ADS', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 21, 41, 42), 'review': 'This is a great game! It’s just that there are way to many ads! After every mini game you play ads! It gets very annoying. I just want to play the game! This game is very fun other than that. But way to many ads!!', 'userName': 'FroggyUnicornRat', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great game but..', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 19, 41), 'review': 'In this game it may have a lot of ads so turn off WiFi during the game so no ads', 'userName': 'BlueFox012', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Just a tip for those who want to play this.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 18, 51, 28), 'review': 'This game is so fun and I barely get any ads and when I seen the ad this is  what I expected that is all I need to say.', 'userName': 'poop mah stuff', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love it', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 2, 45, 15), 'review': 'I love this game it’s also me the trades are so fair and they are so fun but there are so many adds so if this game had less adds I would give it a 5 star rating \n\nBye Aubrey Wilson', 'userName': 'AubsW10', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'So fun but a lot of adds', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 3, 18, 8), 'review': 'The problem is too many ads! Every time I finish a game It does a ad every time! How about this game has no ads please!it would make the game better and easier!', 'userName': 'Tboy313', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Love it but…', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 20, 58, 21), 'review': 'Honestly it’s pretty good but Way too many ads like I don’t want all of that ads i’m not really a big fan of all those ads but honestly it’s pretty good :]', 'userName': '18366946', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'It’s ok', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 36, 44), 'review': 'I really like the game but it has many adds that appear like every second', 'title': 'Very great but', 'userName': '𝕘𝕕𝕙𝕩𝕦𝕟𝕗', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 20, 15, 39), 'review': 'This is a amazing game I highly recommend it! I love all the pop it’s and all the trading! It’s a pretty fun game and once again I highly recommend!❤️', 'title': 'GREAT GAME!!!!', 'userName': 'Natalie0709', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 20, 21, 52), 'review': 'The bug is when I have a good trade it glitches then it gets out it’s So annoying pls fix this bug', 'title': 'There’s a bug', 'userName': 'Lenolana', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 20, 5, 4), 'review': 'There’s so many ads and other games it’s annoying so much. SO MUCH ADDS right after trade it’s an ad', 'title': 'Training?', 'userName': 'destinyjordanjaydenk', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 14, 19), 'review': 'I love it because it gives you less stress and also makes you learn more about fidget trading', 'title': 'I love fidgets', 'userName': 'omg fidgets!', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 16, 23, 53), 'review': 'When you like download a game it’s not the same I like every time you stop with the trading and you get  a ad no but the mini games are satisfying', 'title': 'It’s ok', 'userName': 'ivolina', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 15, 0, 36), 'review': 'I thought they had marvel fidgets and it said we had to try not to get scammed so I don’t know', 'title': 'I don’t think they have like marvel fidgets and I haven’t been getting scammed', 'userName': "Granny's girl20", 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 0, 57, 16), 'review': 'The game is fine and all but it gets boring so fast because it only has two things to do trade and pop the pop it they should add scamming and more stuff to do.', 'title': 'It’s fine', 'userName': 'app rater1937', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 35, 41), 'review': 'The reason I’m giving it a 3 star rating is because I found this game off tik tok… and I wanted to try it but there are just to many adds other than that it’s fine…', 'title': 'The adds…', 'userName': 'leah jule', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 23, 1, 20), 'review': 'so i came to this game because i saw an ad on tiktok and i wanted to try it out… turns out the ads lied i really wanted to scam one of them and it gives to much ads. i really hope you fix the ad problems and let scamming happening i would really enjoy that and other people will too aswell. ❤️', 'title': 'the game…', 'userName': 'shawty 🤪🤠', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 14, 48), 'review': 'I Love it so much keep it with the updates it so fun I would recommend to play', 'title': 'Ratings', 'userName': 'Emily Dominguez', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 8, 3, 3), 'review': 'I downloaded this cause i saw a ad on tiktok and i thought it looked cool but there are so many ads. its good other then that ig', 'title': 'too many ads but other than that its good', 'userName': 'ghosts.i.hate.you', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 19, 55, 24), 'review': 'It lags a lot and ads keep coming up to the point where I can’t play the game and I’m just watching a slideshow of ads-', 'title': 'Kinda pointless but it has effort I guess', 'userName': 'bonbon siena', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 19, 10, 59), 'review': 'Ok so when i got this app i LOVED the trading and the poping but i think that this app should have more figets you can play with other than popits!', 'title': 'Good app one problem!', 'userName': 'the emoggi moyt', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 8, 4, 5), 'review': 'I played this once. I did the trade and then there was an ad. I was like ok maybe it won’t give me and ad for awhile, but then I had to play with a pop it and right away there was another ad. I played a couple more times but I couldn’t get over the ads.', 'title': 'Way to many ads.', 'userName': 'Rat412', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 4, 52, 48), 'review': 'There are way too many ads. The levels take about 20 seconds to complete, then between each one of them you have to watch 15-30 seconds of ads. You’ll spend more time watching dumb ads than actually playing the game.', 'title': 'so many ads', 'userName': 'ushygushymyputhyxx', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 19, 27, 16), 'review': 'When I first played this game, I thought it’s would be fun and cool. It was very glitchy, but that didn’t bother me for some reason. What did, was the adds. After every single thing you did, an add would pop up. I know this app wants to advertise, but please, please take some out.', 'title': 'Glitchy, lots of adds', 'userName': 'V hooper', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 46, 35), 'review': 'Y’all this game is so fun! But I hate whenever it tells you to pop the pop it I doesn’t make a piping sound and it vibrates. But this game is sooo fun so you should totally get it.', 'title': 'Best game ever!', 'userName': 'kassie.t123', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 0, 16, 25), 'review': 'I love this game the only thing that ruins it is all the ads, plus the “fidgets” that aren’t even fidgets like the skate board and rubber ducky. I hate all the ads. I love to play it though knowing I don’t have most of those fidgets and I like to trade fidgets.', 'title': 'Review', 'userName': 'ameliaa11', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 1, 51, 59), 'review': 'This is overall a great game but, there are more ads than anything. Because they should call it’s the ad game because there are more ads than anything', 'title': 'Good game but....', 'userName': 'Voyager Loves singing', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Needs work and', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'elaina the snake lover123', 'rating': 5, 'review': "It's okay but I would like more fidget toys and less mini games and more trading", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 22, 49, 50)}, {'title': 'Amazing game but to many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fairy dust rainbow🧚🏼\u200d♀️🌈', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game is so fun 🤩 and it like getting real fidgets but it has a lot of ads with is very disappointing but otherwise it’s so fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 20, 52, 4)}, {'title': 'I just want the trading', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '😗🥳😝🥳😝🤩😝🤨😗😖', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I don’t like any of the other mini games but if it was just the trading I would play all the time but the other mini games are annoying.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 19, 14, 22)}, {'title': 'I Love fidget trading', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mille 🌈🍩', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game because I have no other friends to do it with in real life so yeah it’s really cool and you get to level up', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 54, 50)}, {'title': 'I don’t really like the game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '(1CAMILLE1)', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I like the fidget trading but I only did one round of the trading and the others were just random games that had pop it’s and not much fidget trading and there are so many ads like after I do one thing there’s an ad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 22, 44, 47)}, {'title': 'TOO MANY ADS', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Good Editibg app', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'this game is fun, i enjoy playing it but there’s way too many ads to the point where you cant even enjoy the game because each round theres at least 2 ads and it gets boring just having to watch ads. IF U PLAY THIS MOST IF THE TIME PLAYING IS JUST WATCHING ADS.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 1, 43, 3)}, {'title': 'My review of the game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ambeifj', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Its very very good do far but hate all the adds but what works for me is just turn your inernet off, but overall its pretty good so far!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 23, 3, 35)}, {'title': 'Good game but…', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'em-em!!', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'On the bonus level after I try to Claim my reward it kicks me out of the game, also to much adds but besides all of that good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 13, 27, 1)}, {'title': 'Bad game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dora at it again', 'rating': 3, 'review': '•The ads are literally after trade and after trade like what? \n•the bot doesn’t even decline or press the add\n•you can’t choose what you wanna have in your inventory \n•and u can’t even play Whit your friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 20, 17, 22)}, {'title': 'Decent', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KDKRJENEIFNFNDJDDN', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'The game would be better if it had sound. There is a lot of adds as well. Other than the silence the game is pretty good.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 22, 6)}, {'title': 'Pros and cons', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Addy 😾😼', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Cons: It keeps crashing and there is so many adds and glitches and it gets boring after 5 minutes \n\nPros: it can be fun but not for long and at least the pops are satisfying to me or I Would have deleted it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 19, 41, 10)}, {'title': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'wowthatsnice??', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Just don’t install if you wanna play a game without advertisements because every time I beat a level there is a advertisement right after like literally every level you beat and it’s mostly ads than levels I only got to trade once', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 20, 54, 4)}, {'title': 'Great Game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lol Nevaeh', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love fidgets, This is a great game for people who don’t have fidgets. One problem with this game there’s just too many ads. On every lvl when I complete it there’s a ad.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 17, 15, 32)}, {'title': 'I love the Game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kensley and mason', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'The Game is Awesome but I wish you could actually get scammed by the iPhone and the AirPods and you should have a collection have all the fittings that you’ve collected', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 29, 7)}, {'title': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'baduzki', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game is good overall, but after every trade there will be an ad. Couldn’t last more than 1 minute without getting annoyed.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 2, 3, 10)}, {'title': 'Love this game just add less adds', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'noooooooooiooiooooook', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game is cool and fun and I understand the game is new and needs some more money throughout adds but pls put less of them', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 0, 3)}, {'title': 'too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Emily58484', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'this game is fun, yes, but the only downside of it is there are SO many ads. i’ve never seen an app with this much of ads. it gets very annoying.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 20, 31, 21)}, {'title': 'Its ok', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ShilohandDaisy', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The game is ok it has alot of ads though but I just turned my internet off. The game is ok but when you keep adding and they accept and you keep adding they decline. Then when you ask them to add because the trade value is bad they decline.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 45, 3)}, {'title': 'I just want to trade', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'gabby do the dog', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'All I want to do is trade but the creator added different levels witch is not fun plus you cant use the things that you got and you can’t get scammed pls fix the game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 3, 11, 6)}, {'title': 'Gives me more anxiety than anything', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'itzel cuhh', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I would give it 0 stars but I can’t, there’s an ad after every simple thing you do I can’t even enjoy each level because it gets interrupted by an ad, I’ll only recommend it to torment people nothing more.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 2, 1, 46)}, {'title': 'App', 'userName': 'Cam and marley16', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 22, 56, 33), 'review': "I like this app alot but it gets boring you can't scam people or get scammed yourself so the advertisement lied", 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'A little bit boring 😪', 'userName': 'Phyo Swe', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 7, 45, 43), 'review': 'I like this game but a bit boring now is how\n1.a lot of ads\n2.boring \n3.again and again chest box\n4.again and again old pop-it', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'The Game look good but it’s not', 'userName': 'Ravynn Farmer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 15, 29, 26), 'review': 'There are way to many adds like every times you hit or do something their is a add I do not recommend this app because it got annoying 3 minutes into playing the game .', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Report', 'userName': 'lol2784', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 20, 41, 6), 'review': 'There’s way to many adds and I thought u can scam ppl but u sadly can’t and I thought the game had only the fidget trading but there’s other games and u can’t spend the money u earned', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'To much adds!', 'userName': 'jae94857349', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 14, 43, 43), 'review': 'There are to many adds. When I was done trading, there was an add. Then i was in a mini game, when I was done with it, I got an add. And the mini games are not the concept of the game! \nNote:please don’t put a lot of adds in your game, it makes it boring.\n \nSorry if I have grammar mistakes, and have a nice day.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It’s okay', 'userName': 'Jordan Emily P.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 17, 34, 40), 'review': 'Meh, 2 stars- bc you can’t actually get scammed and also you have to watch an add to retry a level. If your being offered a item for an add, and you press no, it’ll make you watch an add anyways and you won’t get the item.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Meh', 'userName': 'difjfhthfhhf', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 20, 46, 27), 'review': 'This is a ok app  but you should know that you don’t trade all the time you only trade ones and then 2 other games and then trade again and goad on and on I don’t like that and there not even Fidget related', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Okay game', 'userName': 'SaneFox282', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 0, 8), 'review': 'So this is a decent game, but there is a lot of ads, and that’s the flaw that the devs of these types of games struggle with. But this game is pretty decent, I suggest having 1 ad every 3-4 rounds. That makes it a good ratio of levels and ads.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Okay', 'userName': 'Unknown102727', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 39, 45), 'review': 'This game was okay but there are too many ads, it gets very annoying and slows down the app but overall the app was great. 4 stars', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Arípłâÿś', 'userName': '🍀lucky bunny🐰', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 3, 37, 57), 'review': 'OMG I LOVE THIS GAME like you have fidgets to trade and well reading the comments there lies or it may not work but I can scam but it’s quality isn’t so good but I like it', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ads', 'userName': 'SprinklesShi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 6, 49, 47), 'review': 'The game itself was filled with ads, and I understand that’s how you get money but the amount was ridiculous. But also when some of the ads would play, the app would immediately just exit itself. Made my phone lag.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great job on this app', 'userName': 'good creator', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 21, 4, 27), 'review': 'All I have to say is I love it so satisfying and definitely recommend this app have a great day y’all 🥰🥰🙂🙂🤗🤗', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Be more inclusive', 'userName': 'PlsShawty', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 21, 11, 38), 'review': 'When I play this game, the hands are white. I just find it difficult to play because I am not white. I know it’s just a small detail but it be so much more fun for the children of color, I promise you. I hate that everywhere I see is white, and I want that to change.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Limited things to do?', 'userName': 'JFagner', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 22, 47, 43), 'review': 'Okay i started a few mins ago and past a few levels but i wish you could play with more FIDGETS in the game, and you could scam/ get scammed!', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': '😠🤢🤮', 'userName': 'ben of week', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 19, 45, 3), 'review': 'This game is nothing like the stuff on tik tok my neighbor is a big fidget trader on tik tok but this is a sin you can’t get scammed the tower mini game whenever i drop it and watch an ad to retry whoops I need to watch another ad ad after ad after ad my I showed this game to her she picked up my iPad and deleted it I said thank you fi the darn game!!!!', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It’s ok', 'userName': 'luaren is amazing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 30, 27), 'review': 'I enjoyed most of it until it started getting lame it is boring when you play it this is the first day with it and I might be on level 100', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'To many ads', 'userName': 'tesla moon', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 2, 2, 50), 'review': 'Every time I compete a level it gives you an ad', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Please read before downloading', 'userName': 'ellabella tella hella', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 2, 52, 10), 'review': 'It’s not a good game at all, again good idea bad design, there’s like no rarity, second when you trade it won’t let you get the fidgets you traded back! Please fix that, and at the beginning it gives you random fidgets you didn’t have before.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It’s kinda stupid-', 'userName': 'Anicole@me', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 0, 23, 51), 'review': 'There’s a huge amount of ads that is annoying like bro I know that’s how you make money but that’s way to much you do realize is making them not play your game but when you say no to something it still gives you an ad', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ehh….', 'userName': 'amolee09', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 20, 14, 57), 'review': 'Just got it yesterday and I am already board I do think the mini games should have there own section and the adds are just to much I do think the app should cool down with the adds and yeah over all kinda fun 👍', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lexi jaye mcdaniel', 'review': 'Okay so I have been playing this game for 5 minutes and it is addictive 🥲', 'title': 'Swaggy😩😎', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 2, 59, 32), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ellafred1234', 'review': 'I am disgusted at the adds don’t let your young child get this game the adds are all about women’s body’s and sexual things I am so scared for the kids who get this junk put in there minds', 'title': 'There are so many inappropriate and sexual adds not to mention you get one every 30 sec', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 18, 57, 18), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lady katyy', 'review': 'This game is good but there is way to ads! After every level you get a ad! Also you barely get to do trading! You can’t scam but they can! But this game is kinda good still..', 'title': 'Good but..', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 19, 54, 39), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hellomynameiskristen', 'review': 'I downloaded this app and it asked me my location so of course I said no and then my whole phone froze I couldn’t even turn it off then it unfroze so I tried deleting the app but after I pressed delete it froze again then my phone died but my phone was 31%..', 'title': 'Bad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 2, 20, 5), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'deeberbeebendnsnsnsnajabajdb', 'review': 'Ok I really do like this app but I wanna scam someone myself and I just wanna trade not pop the pop it’s or anything else otherwise this app is really good and I suggest it', 'title': 'E', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 22, 9, 6), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jackie.ieie', 'review': 'I get that games have ads but this game had way too many you couldn’t even do two things at a time before getting another ad :/', 'title': 'too many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 2, 38, 4), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Abby.M (DUCK)', 'review': 'there is soooo many ads! After everything there’s and ad! Also after the round you can double or triple your prize for an ad if you click no thansk it still gives you an ad!!!! I do not recommend!', 'title': 'Ads are crazy!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 16, 32, 45), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'iiKawaiiDesu', 'review': 'so i downloaded this game and played it on airplane mode and its pretty fun, one issue i have is that we dont get to trade alot because theres a bunch of games where you have to pick a chest, pop the fidgets for money or just pop it.  half the game isn’t even about fidget trading and just about fidget popping, kinda misleading imo. please put an option to have “games” on or off', 'title': 'needs to remove things', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 20, 55, 10), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Selenaquintanillafan💕💕', 'review': 'So I really like the trading thing but the problem is that there are to many ads and there are other things you have to do to do trading again and it get really boring so Idk but it is getting boring for me..', 'title': 'Ehh I guess..', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 4, 19, 8), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'iyan b', 'review': 'Me and my sister love this (we play it together) she’s 5 she still knows how to play.', 'title': 'Me and my sister', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 16, 33, 35), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'alexbsnder', 'review': 'I love the game in all, but there’s wayyyy too many advertisements. And you should make more levels with trading', 'title': 'Good Game, too many ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 20, 53, 27), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SweetSourMangos', 'review': 'I like the game but just 1 too many ads and 2 I’m getting a lot of inappropriate ads on this game', 'title': 'The ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 13, 19, 54), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NASHUABOOGURL', 'review': 'It a god game but to meaning ads that the annoying cuz every time I get with a level a ad just come y’all need to fix it plss', 'title': 'Adds to meaning adsss', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 2, 11, 41), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fartsinvag add bdjdbdndndn', 'review': 'So, this game was fun when i first bought it but i just want to be able to trade more and not do other levels and also today i deleted the game because it was super glitchy so not trying to be mean but i strongly dislike the game!!', 'title': 'Annoyed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 15, 37, 35), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Clairepats09', 'review': 'Honestly, there are a lot of ads, and it’s not amazing, but I enjoy it. I would like if there were not as many ads, but I think it was a fine game.', 'title': 'Review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 21, 39, 39), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'iiPastelCookie', 'review': 'This is a really nice game but there’s too many ads. It’s like I get an ad every single time. It’s quite annoying. Please lessen the ads.', 'title': 'Good game but..', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 19, 55, 7), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ela Moroz', 'review': 'I love this game it is so fun all my trades I just got a turtle it is so fun I can’t believe I’m winning thank you for putting this game online 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🐶🦊🐯🐸🐵🦁🐻🐱🐭🐼🙈🙈🐮🐼🐽🎤🎤🎟🤹🏾\u200d♂️🤹🏾\u200d♂️🦄🐌🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢', 'title': 'So fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 14, 53, 2), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dbzhhdxhxh', 'review': 'So I saw this game from TikTok so I downloaded it and I thought u just traded but u do a lot more stuff and there is to much ads like to many for me to count I just want to trade fidgets pls fix this and I will play it', 'title': 'This could be better', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 17, 8, 37), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lolidkomgO-O', 'review': 'There is WAY too many ads I would recommend getting a different trading game just don’t waste your life on ads people', 'title': '🎮', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 21, 2, 27), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'annaplayz5555555', 'review': 'This is so anoyingg                  1. see look the trading is fun but THE ADDS aren’t LIKE U MOVE 1 finger and there’s an add!! I CAN PLAY THIS GAME IN PEACE.                           2. I BARELY GeT TO TRADE THEY PUT STUPID POP IT STUFF THAT DOESNT EVEN POP GOOD  ALL IM TRYING TOO DO IS FIDGET TRADE NOT PLAY WITH POP ITS!!!!         3. IM SICK AND TIRED OF IT MAKING ME WATCH ADD WHEN IT TRIES TOO GIVE U A SECOND CHANCE I PRESS NO AND EITHER WAY IT STILL MAKES ME WATCH A ADD!!!!', 'title': 'Too many ADDS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 1, 41, 12), 'rating': 2}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'AWESOME', 'review': 'this game is so fun i really hope y’all enjoy it 2 ! and if u have tiktok u probably should make a acc for it it gets viral!', 'userName': 'FIGETS3D!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 3, 9, 36)}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Love the game but…', 'review': 'This game is great but it has way too many ads. After almost every level (which go by fast) there is an ad. It’s very annoying and if they lessened the ads it’d be much better', 'userName': 'Isabella Goodman', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 3, 23, 15)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'SO MANY ads it’s not even fun anymore', 'review': 'it would be really fun but the amount of ads ruin it… like after every single fidget trade it gives an ad and then it tells you to pop ur fidget and then gives you another ad it’s so annoying please fix thanks', 'userName': 'snnciwnsjxjs', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 6, 50, 28)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Too focused on the ads', 'review': 'I was trying to play, but every round an ad popped up and it annoyed me a lot but it’s still a good game.', 'userName': 'Jason26354', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 19, 26, 59)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': '🦟🦗🦟🦗', 'review': 'I just got this game and I actually really like it but I would like if I could *actually* scam people in the game just like in the adds', 'userName': 'Biscuit Krueger', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 5, 39, 10)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Please add this', 'review': 'Hello, Can you pleasee add. No adds. There are to many adds it would be great if u can just make not ad many adds! Thanks, YOUR GAME IS THE BEST', 'userName': 'Sisireadsbooks', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 1, 43)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'This game is fun to play, but there are way to many ads. After every leave there is an ad. If you can make the game have less ads please do so!', 'userName': 'ugh 😒😒😒', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 10, 24)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Way too much adds 😬', 'review': 'Bruh, after every level, I literally get an ad. It’s very annoying and irritating. I’m not gonna spend money on the “no ads” option because I would continue getting ads so like, what’s the point? Fix your game please.', 'userName': 'Sipora Sarpong', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 40, 9)}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Ad problem', 'review': 'There is too many ad’s and a little bit of games. They should also put a level where you seen what you get inside the boxes from the trading', 'userName': 'ximenalopezzzzzzzzz', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 38, 45)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not enough trading', 'review': 'I like the game but I want there to be more trading. I don’t like that you have to do so much stuff before you can trade again. But overall good game', 'userName': '...oppo', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 3, 22, 46)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'No', 'review': 'I don’t know if this happens for other games but it’s never happened to me my data wasn’t working and I tried to download the game but it ease my on WiFi or data so now it’s stuck in the loading phase and I got really sad cause I wanted to play this game 😢😢😢😢', 'userName': 'love_Redd', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 2, 19, 43)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'SOO MANY ADS', 'review': 'Literally every time I click on something and it shows up right after the minigame naturals up after that minigame another word shows up there too many ads in this app I’m giving it a one star rating  and it SOO hard.', 'userName': 'hdjdushsksjd', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 3, 52, 35)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'It is not based off of an ad', 'review': 'So I was watching an ad and then it popped up and then I saw you could scam someone and then I tried it and it didn’t say that they got scammed and also it is bad quality and there is an ad every two levels you do', 'userName': 'jrhcgfgdgkfvxgsfjf', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 18, 23, 22)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'Just too many adds', 'userName': 'i love unicorm', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 56, 2)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'About the game', 'review': 'This game is fun but there’s a bunch of ads after almost every trade', 'userName': 'hlv@cool girl', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 1, 43)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good app', 'review': 'It’s a really good app it’s very fun and there isn’t much ads to do I give it a 5 star ⭐️', 'userName': 'Ginrummie', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 4, 20, 44)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Cool, but…', 'review': 'This game is fun, but I wish I could buy more and different types of fidgets, and then I can trade from the fidgets I buy. Also I wish I could scan people', 'userName': 'Emma Gaw', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 20, 21, 48)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'its alright!', 'review': 'you barely fidget trade, you do everything else BUT fidget trade. and the ADS theres so many! but its a overall fun game minus what i mentioned 4.5', 'userName': '𝙻𝙾𝚅𝙴𝙻𝙾𝚅𝙴𝙻𝙾𝚅𝙴1738', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 1, 57, 54)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good but....', 'review': 'See this game is awesome amazing i live it but there are to many adds after almost every level', 'userName': 'V⃣e⃣a⃣h⃣ ᵛᵉᵃʰ', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 13, 15)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'What you should do', 'review': 'I don’t really like how you can’t just trade however you want I don’t like how there’s fails', 'userName': 'Mrs.McWhorter', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 52, 59)}, {'userName': 'hhfhgfjgxkdncy', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 15, 40, 1), 'title': 'I love this game', 'review': 'I love the ads I gives you other game and I love how you can not scamming', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'piggie tom', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 13, 14, 47), 'title': 'This app was decent', 'review': 'First of all you can’t even scam people second there were like 10,000,000 adds I couldn’t even finish a trade without an add popping up third the TikTok add made it look so cool and fun but in real life it was lame and boring so if your looking to get this app I suggest a DIFFERENT APP', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'gracefulscarlettz', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 22, 48, 8), 'title': 'It’s ok I guess…', 'review': 'When I first got the game I was so excited and now you barley trade it’s just popping fidgets and cutting fruit if they made it to where you just traded then it would be fun', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'curti👍', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 17, 47), 'title': 'Good game but…', 'review': 'It’s a nice game but there is so many ads please low the amount of ads it would be appreciated!! -satisfied customer', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'timmygiimmy', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 41, 10), 'title': 'This is really good for real fidget trading', 'review': 'I love this game this game can I help with good fidget trading in real life I love it so much it makes me really good at trading in real life', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'dixon butt', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 30, 22), 'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'They need to make it to where there’s no ads', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'pandauncorn', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 59, 51), 'title': 'Too many commercials', 'review': 'I love the game, but there’s a issue. The commercials come when you win or lost, and there’s too many commercials.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'keke my cat', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 17, 22, 55), 'title': 'Please read I love this game but only one thing THE ADDS', 'review': 'I hate the adds', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Arlynee 126', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 23, 3, 58), 'title': 'H', 'review': 'this game is really fun! There is just so much ads too much.I play one round a already ads I would get it like after 5 mins an ad but no it’s every time. There’s just way to much ads', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'XP • Elaf', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 23, 51, 49), 'title': 'Horrible, was very disappointed', 'review': 'This game has SO much potential but the ads and extra stuff ruined everything! 10/10 would not install this app if you wanna see a ad every second', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': '248789', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 7, 42, 59), 'title': 'I love this game so much', 'review': 'The sound is amazing the trading is very good it’s just a good game it’s a good game I don’t know if it’s a good game to you guys', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'fidgets are awesome', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 0, 54, 10), 'title': 'Good game', 'review': 'This is an awesome game but it does not have any sound affects witch is pretty annoying but it is still fun and satisfying so I recommend!', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'vvhatsvbsjdxndhgxnd', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 58, 8), 'title': 'crazy new hot app', 'review': 'hi guys download this app ASAP! why you might ask it’s fun fr fr! there’s no ads!!! i love it so much!!!!!!!! 😍stay cool babes have fun!!! 😃and download this add free game!!! 🤩😚🤪❤️😋♥️', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': ':))))) nighttttwolf', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 2, 54, 8), 'title': 'Really fun!', 'review': 'I like this game a lot! I don’t have real fidgets so I play games. And I don’t mind the ads. Great game!!!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'kitty_cat82698269', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 21, 30, 18), 'title': 'my review', 'review': 'Its not a very good game its very laggy and sometimes glitches my hole phone. i thought it would be all fidget trading but really its not. i probably should have read the reviews before i got the game. DO NOT RECOMMEND!', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'Landaverry kaylee', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 2, 20, 32), 'title': 'Not what it looks like', 'review': 'You can’t scam in the game and u don’t get the stuff and there’s too many ads, and there’s barley fidget trading but other stuff.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': '2021 is off to a great start', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 13, 9, 47), 'title': 'Boarding Now', 'review': 'Okay I have continued playing this game and it makes you do the same things over and over again it is now annoying!!! Don’t get this game!', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'shoes-s😉', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 20, 23, 7), 'title': '😐', 'review': 'First off there are too many ads between every level second u barley trade u just pop bubbles and repeat levels im just giving it 2 stars to be nice but this game is just-', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'bybhhbgbg', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 18, 40, 29), 'title': 'Not fun', 'review': 'In the game it said I could scam people but I can not and the ads are bad to many and then it’s just got the same thing happening the whole time and the app screen is a lie too', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'caca4758828', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 18, 34, 40), 'title': 'Too many adds!', 'review': "There is so many adds in this game. For everything you do like pop out of the pop it's it gave me an add after. The game was fun itself but it's the adds.", 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'And it’s probably really fun', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 19, 1, 47), 'userName': 'KingMeelz', 'title': 'Idk about this game I’m just trying to support it', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I gave this game a review rate 2 stars because it is fun but there is way to many ads after every trade you make. It is a really cool experience but the ads just make the game/app way less fun to use/play.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 4, 18, 33), 'userName': 'Mxhni', 'title': 'Review to game', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I can’t really play the game because there is too much ads \nbut the game is fun and I recommend for you to play the game.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 19, 29, 49), 'userName': 'dooo ittt', 'title': 'To much ads', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'At first it was great. You would have fun and trade toys. There were popping levels too where you could play with the pop it’s. Then it just wasn’t the same game. It’s a bunch of weird mini games that are no fun.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 2, 8, 36), 'userName': 'BROOOKIECOOOKIE', 'title': 'It changed for the worst', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'It’s a really great game! Buy it!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 3, 5, 41), 'userName': 'MetalsmithMama', 'title': 'Review from my 7 year old daughter', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Love itttt!!!! 🤩 but when I put a phone I wanted to scam people 🥲 please actually let me scam people because in the ads it says that', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 44, 33), 'userName': 'ℝ𝕖𝕞𝕚', 'title': 'I love it!!', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I love fidgets and that’s why I think this app is good for me and I give it a 10 out of 10', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 1, 54, 35), 'userName': '85 surprise', 'title': 'Fidget trading 3-D', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'There is to many adds and to many challenges to actually trade. But over all it is good.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 16, 48, 8), 'userName': 'hhdhfcnnfvkfkfkdoxd', 'title': 'Adds', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I would of expected this better then it is! I’m truly disappointed!!! I wanted this to be better! Pls do something...', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 17, 13, 25), 'userName': 'the butter girl12334568', 'title': 'Ugh it’s ok', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I’m 13 and this game gives me something to do when I’m bored but there are a lot of adds and found there is no use for the coins.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 5, 11, 53), 'userName': 'unicorn bella4463810', 'title': 'Ok ish', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'This game is fun but who we Traded please open the box yo know', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 3, 13, 23), 'userName': 'Andreagucci1410', 'title': 'Please do another update', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Uhm I only have one pop it so it’s really good to have games like this', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 39, 50), 'userName': 'jdr_munkee', 'title': 'This is good', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'i do enjoy this game but i just wish there was less ads. it seems after every round and even sometimes before that there’s always an ad. this game isn’t a bad game i would even say its kinda fun. i just wish there wasn’t too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 15, 41, 41), 'userName': 'johns itunes dont erase', 'title': 'i really like this game but..', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'There is a big amount of ads, but not as much as voodoo. Still, a pretty decent games', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 48, 31), 'userName': 'Kangaroo_08', 'title': 'Pretty good', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'So I love this game but they have too many ads. Every time I finish a level and ad pops up. Don’t like that deleting now and finding a new game.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 20, 4), 'userName': 'Diamond periodttt', 'title': 'Too many ads but overall nice', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Now it is a nice game but after I notice there was a ad after every level and it’s rlly annoying and they are long ads and my phone got very hot and it shut off and took so long to turn back on so this game is bad in my opinion', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 14, 47, 55), 'userName': 'koda copper', 'title': 'Ughhh 🙄', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Ok so this game is actually very addictive but i wish it was ALL trading because some of the the levels arent even satisfying. So yeah amd can somebody pls comment and tell what to to with my coins??', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 13, 7, 14), 'userName': 'livvy3737', 'title': 'Its ok', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'initially i thought this would be a very fun game but once i got it i realized that there was ads after every round. and that would be fine if the rounds were long but they are at most 15 minutes', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 2, 50, 47), 'userName': 'tiktok needs a good update', 'title': 'TO MANY ADS', 'rating': 1}, {'review': "i think that there are to many ads like ads pop up in the middle of levels or right after the level end i thinks we shouldn't have adds in this game and then there is the levels i feel like the levels are taking things from other games and then the lagging the lagging is mostly in the pop it levels though", 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 15, 24, 3), 'userName': 'Cmcgowens11', 'title': 'some issues', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Its a fun little game to play but every time i play a game its an ad like theres an at after every game it gets boring after a while', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 3, 41), 'userName': 'jzkzksnsnwj', 'title': 'Good and bad', 'rating': 3}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': '5/10', 'title': 'I do not like the ads pls fix that thanks.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 15, 29, 37), 'userName': 'syfrhcrjj'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': '3/10 don’t like the ads and wish you could play with friends!', 'title': 'Ads and friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 54, 16), 'userName': 'user884739283637'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I only downloaded this because I saw it on tiktok', 'title': 'idk', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 6, 25, 33), 'userName': '😄😏😄💀😏😃😐😂'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a very good app it’s just it have a lot of adds', 'title': 'What it’s about', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 45, 24), 'userName': 'daizona'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love it so much but it has way two many adds please make it two wear there’s not a lot of adds I would love that', 'title': 'It’s ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 23, 22, 34), 'userName': 'sammy username handsrung'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It is a really fun game I just wish it didn’t have so many adds it annoys me', 'title': 'My review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 14, 13, 31), 'userName': 'tweettweetbirdy'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s alright unlike some other version which were a bit better it’s good tho.', 'title': 'Alright', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 5, 47, 33), 'userName': 'El salvardor'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The games amazing but the part that got me off track was you can get scammed', 'title': 'There is one problem', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 4, 24, 11), 'userName': 'Reu Reu'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I thought it would be fun but it’s not. There’s way too much ads, there is a ad after every level and you finish the level in 10 seconds.', 'title': 'Horrible and too much ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 1, 23, 26), 'userName': 'jehehdgduhsgdh'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game but there is a lot of abs but if you don’t mind if I get it it’s really good 😊', 'title': 'Sounds good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 37, 45), 'userName': 'Bree Tatum marchais'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After everything you do there’s ads but over all it’s a good fidget and fidget trading game', 'title': 'It’s a amazing game but the ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 2, 30, 57), 'userName': 'imthegreatlexi'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Waaaay too many ads, would be better if ads weren’t after every trade. It gets really annoying…', 'title': 'Good but…', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 44, 5), 'userName': 'marshmarlo123'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Its a fun game in concept, but when you play a game for 30 seconds, get an ad, play a game for 20 seconds, get an ad, repeat, it gets tiring and irritating', 'title': 'Far too many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 18, 15, 19), 'userName': 'ApeEscape3'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I first started playing  and it was fun but as I keep going on with the levels the ads would  keeping popping every 5 minutes I am so sorry but I very much don’t like this game .', 'title': 'Way to many ads like wth', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 44, 57), 'userName': 'Savagegirl34'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I don’t understand what the coins are for is that just me u can’t but fidgets and it don’t count for anything', 'title': 'Good gAme but', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 5, 37, 33), 'userName': 'et...567123'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is excellent but there is one thing that is ruining the game, there are TOO much ads!', 'title': 'TOO much ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 0, 34, 40), 'userName': 'LøIa'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'honestly. Why do I only have a few options to choose from and they are overwhelming me with ads, finished a thing? Ad.\n\nfinished popping a pop it? Ad.\n\nfinished trading? ad.\n\nEverything follows by an ad, I’m not even complaining, it’s just a waste of my time, money grabbing companies keep making terrible ads and then bombard me with ads in the gameplay, 2 stars.', 'title': 'The gameplay follows an ad.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 8, 44, 4), 'userName': 'HomeSEA360'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game dont get me wrong but maybe could you slow it dont on the adds thanks', 'title': 'TO MANY DANG ADDS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 14, 4, 8), 'userName': 'yeet😑'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game so much! There is just to many adds! I love how you can trade fidgets just like real life it’s so fun!', 'title': 'Love it just a Loy of adds!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 10, 34), 'userName': 'my nickname is cats'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game a lot but the only thing that gets me frustrated is all of the ads I wish there is only like one ad', 'title': 'It’s ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 52, 55), 'userName': 'Allyson Enciso gater'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'animelovehxhaotmhasaotbhk', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 15, 22, 38), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love it! Not to much adds and it’s fair! Totally recommend', 'title': 'I love this game'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'FrenchStickz', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 27, 25), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'It’s cool and all but too many adds, there are like three after you do a fidget and that’s not even the point of the game', 'title': 'Ok'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'I_STOLE_YOUR_SOUL', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 9, 25), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It’s very fun but every level they give you an add', 'title': 'Too many adds'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mynamewillstayprivate_', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 39), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Can u add a something where u can pay like 3 bucks for no ads, because it’s really annoying.I would rate it higher then. Please add no adds.🙏', 'title': 'Too much ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sadboy789', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 39, 47), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I hate that I can’t download it worst game ever', 'title': 'I can’t Download it'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'A person viewing this', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 50, 36), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Hey creator, so the game itself is good but theres so much ads. Overall i think its a good game!', 'title': 'Good but..'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'redhinv', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 20, 29, 48), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game is fine but I feel like it’s too \nMany ads . Like why is there so many ?', 'title': 'Too many ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kkarennnn', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 41, 29), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'It’s ok I just don’t like all the adds it bothers me', 'title': 'It’s fine'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'gacscisbs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 16, 8, 5), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this  game\n\nI just started playing it and I can’t stop', 'title': 'Love fidget trading 3D'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jadeyshadey', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 19, 46, 54), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'This game is fun but one thing I don’t like is that there is sooo much ads, it has 3 ads back to back after u do a level', 'title': 'Ehhh'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '#mall lover', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 2, 10, 37), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I like the idea of this game but I feel as if there should be more figgets and less adds.', 'title': 'Less adds and more figgets'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '🦃 goble', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 16, 4, 24), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game is awesome and al but it is kicking me out every like 5 minutes so FIX THIS GAME OR I WILL Un download so yeah people don’t get it unless you want to be kicked out of the game and the game makes you do other stuff not just trading fidgets all right peace ✌️ ☮️', 'title': 'Fix the dang game bruh 😎😡'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'tiny6299', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 21, 26, 40), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'This game is very fun although to many ads plz fix that or make it where you can buy a no ad subscription', 'title': 'Review'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '🖤🧟\u200d♀️🍃', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 4, 19, 18), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'You can barley do trades if it’s a fidget trading game you should be able to trade more instead of popping pop its and stuff', 'title': '🥱🥱'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'clashie chloe', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 19, 45, 10), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Too many ads and you barely get fidget trade and I want a more IRL  pop it nosie', 'title': 'Ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TnAxo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 1, 42, 8), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Its the best gamee I tried it and it showed me if it was a good trade or not. Also I made a person mad, 😂', 'title': 'Best game'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ItsMe217', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 21, 36, 5), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Okay, there are so many ads and this game keeps kicking me out. I like the idea of it, I just HATE ADSSSSSSSS! I couldn’t even play the game for 5minbefore it kicks me me out. 😐👎', 'title': 'ADS, ADS, AND MORE ADS!!!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'FUNIMATE BADDER', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 9, 26), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'way to many ads, every trade it’s another ad. but isn’t that for ever game now in days 🤷\u200d♀️ but it’s fun just way 2 many ads.', 'title': 'It’s alright WAY TOO MANY ADS'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hamberger cheesesdf', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 1, 6, 13), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I only got this game cuz a saw it on tiktok I got stuck on level four cuz it didn’t let me pop the bubbles I think they should make updates to the game I have so much more t say but I’m not going’s to 😕', 'title': 'Disappointed'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'maddy #2,746292', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 19, 34, 50), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game is terrible the ads are longer than the levels itself even the ones that you can skip.', 'title': 'Ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'livfootball1234', 'review': 'I love this game it’s awesome do it right u get money it’s awesome I can play this game all my life', 'title': 'Love', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 51, 51)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gtccoasters', 'review': "Immediately as you open the app, you are bombarded with advertisements.  Between, after, and before rounds.  Absolutely absurd.  Poorly made with intention to make a quick buck, don't waste your time.", 'title': 'What do I even say.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 6, 53, 27)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'blueberryeri10', 'review': 'The game is fun but it is so many adds😡😡😡😡😡😡😡', 'title': 'Way too many adds', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 4, 37, 15)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '🤡clown face', 'review': 'I love this game but when I downloaded it I expected just figet trading!!!😠🙂', 'title': 'Great game but', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 19, 53, 28)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'somayafroggygurl', 'review': 'Overall this game is amazing not gonna lie but way to much adds like the app would be good if there was not that much adds', 'title': 'Ehh', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 16, 57, 46)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kairocks20', 'review': 'There are to many ads and it’s not just a series of trading but overall it’s a pretty decent game.', 'title': 'It’s okay', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 2, 31, 16)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cdeoq', 'review': 'There is to many adds and each time the add ends my game freezes so I hope the person that made the game can notice this', 'title': 'The game is good but…', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 19, 47, 33)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'riley_stathopoulos', 'review': 'It’s fun and I love playing it and it’s cool how u can trade so highly recommend it', 'title': 'Good game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 15, 39)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'l1v3l0v3', 'review': "First of all ever since I updated the app it won't let me fidget trade now and it's making me pop pipits but I don't wanna pop popits I WANNA FIDGET TRADE!! Also WAY TOO MANY ads, fix that PLEASE. 🙄", 'title': 'Fix this 😐', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 2, 39, 50)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'So fun but a lot of adds', 'review': 'A little fun but so many ads like fix it it’s not enjoyable when you are watching ads most of the time you watch more ads then you play that game', 'title': 'To many ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 40, 18)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ITZ_EVIEEE', 'review': 'I thought we would start off trading then right then there was an add then after lvl 1 there was some random stuff it’s a trading game is so ur fun and u don’t have a collection to keep. If I could give this 0 stars I would.', 'title': 'Stupid', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 19, 57, 31)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'tictok is the best 🥳🤫❤️', 'review': 'If you haveAnxiety this is a good game for you, it is relaxing and fun!! This is a really fun game for kids!! I this you should get this game!', 'title': 'Play this game', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 9, 51)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dimwog', 'review': 'There is way to many adds, and it’s not even that fun sorry but it’s not for me.', 'title': 'I mean it’s fun but...', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 21, 47, 55)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'review time 1234 😃', 'review': 'To many adds and you over pay', 'title': 'Ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 13, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '*Cow*', 'review': 'You actually never got to trade you would get to 1 time and played with toys mainly the whole time I thought it got boring fast a lot of stuff could be added great idea though', 'title': 'Never got to trade', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 12, 53, 45)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rjeezy19', 'review': 'The only reason I don’t like the game is because of the adds 😭😭😭😭', 'title': 'Way to many adds', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 19, 12, 22)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'avahammock', 'review': 'You just get to many adds. It is very annoying please fix this.', 'title': 'Something wrong', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 23, 33)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KEIFJSICJSKZKSK', 'review': 'i just got this game and in the ad it showed scamming but u can’t scam in the game. and also there are way to many ads after every game there is one. and it’s annoying please fix this WAY TO MANY ADS!', 'title': 'not that great', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 15, 42, 27)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jjjllunhappy', 'review': 'Theres way to many ads and there’s the coin bubbles that float around sending to an ad that I can’t skip 😩😩. Not only that but the level are just repetitive.', 'title': 'Too many ads.         STOP', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 1, 5, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'habdbsbsbbebsbsbsbebsbsbs', 'review': 'To much ads and when you get on a higher level like 100 it’s not even about figet trading anymore you need to fix that', 'title': 'Love the game but....', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 19, 45, 32)}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 21, 1, 36), 'review': 'I thought this was going to be a bad game but woah it’s so satisfying and cool must play', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'proffeser dork😳', 'title': 'Amazingly awesome'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 7, 9, 48), 'review': 'The game is ok and fun but the thing is that there are way too many ads I can’t even play properly.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Plss..', 'title': 'Game is ok'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 7, 41), 'review': 'It’s ok I would say make it where there’s not much ads and also make it where you only just trade and also you earn pop it', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'om vwe vwe om vwe vwe sauce', 'title': 'Smh'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 1, 15), 'review': 'It’s a very good game but can you at least make the ads show up every 5 levels not every level', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AlexRuano8OnFortnite', 'title': 'Good game but WAY TOO MUCH ADS'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 50, 19), 'review': 'I love this game it’s just after every round there is an ad and it gets very annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'heuiebebeud', 'title': 'Interesting'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 5, 15, 51), 'review': 'i got to trade my fidgets once and then i got like 5 ads and half the game isn’t even fidget trading like i literally went through 5 pop it’s with ads after every single one and didn’t get to trade except for the one time in the beginning and then i deleted the game. i do not recommend.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rita_fidget_master', 'title': 'nope'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 13, 15, 5), 'review': 'i love the game in all but if you get airpods or an iphone it won’t let you see what’s inside of the box and the trader who ur trading with if u hit add more the deny it and the us toooo many ads but i like the game an all', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'emoriesparkles', 'title': 'won’t let u see what u got and to many ads'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 14, 35, 14), 'review': 'Okay so the game is fun and all but what are the points of the coins can someone please explain', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bootybig12', 'title': 'Bruh'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 19, 54, 49), 'review': 'It’s actually pretty good but the adds can get so annoying, I say it’s a good app.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bro_XxD', 'title': 'From: the kid'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 0, 31, 57), 'review': 'To many ads but it is so satisfying', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Princess Pooka810', 'title': 'Love it'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 15, 28, 35), 'review': 'Good game overall but pls add more fidgets like all types of dimpls, dimpl didgits, simpl dimpl, normal dimpl, etc. also wacky tracks, orbee stress balls, pea poppers, bike chains, and more; also please add scams bc that wold make it more interesting. Thx', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'samThefoxxxz', 'title': 'Pls add more fidgets'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 6, 52), 'review': 'That’s all I have to say too many ads you need to stop getting adssssss', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Monet4689', 'title': 'Too many ads'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 21, 54, 30), 'review': 'this game is great, but i have a few complaints. every two rounds there is an ad that you can’t skip, and sometimes the trades are really unfair for you and the other person denies. i’m not a fidget person but i saw an ad for this and needed to pass some time, so this is good for that.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'celiarosenoname', 'title': 'a few complaints'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 16, 36), 'review': 'turn your phone into airplane mode while playing it, it does wonders!! it removes all ads and you can just play!! pretty fun game tho! recommend', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'it does wonders', 'title': 'for anyone saying to many ads'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 23, 56), 'review': 'This game has no use of coins and there are to many adds maybe get rid of a few adds', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sndhhfhfjcjbshdn', 'title': 'Good but'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 16, 54, 5), 'review': "it has many adds so when i tried to delete it it didn't delete i tried many times. none of my other apps were loading and then my phone froze when i tried to turn it off and it didn't turn off. dont get this game. my phone has plenty of storage so thats not the reason. definitely not getting this game again.", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '😂👍🏼💐👱🏼\u200d♀️❤️😃😂🤣❤️❤️🤣', 'title': 'froze my phone'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 2, 16, 24), 'review': 'Alright. Not much to say here. It seemed like a good game till I downloaded it. Got to level 4 and everything froze. I couldn’t pop the fidget. Yes, I opened and closed the app several times. Still the same thing.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Watermelooooon wolf', 'title': 'What?'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 21, 52, 59), 'review': 'I had the game for a little but then it just got boring when I could not scam people but the worst part was that an add popped up and there was two pop-its that were shaped of a mans private part. And for a kids game bad.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cucumber090', 'title': 'Wow'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 11, 40), 'review': 'Every time you trade you get a ad after but the game is good and the game quality but it just has to many ads...', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hxjghmdkak', 'title': 'To many ads'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 20, 28), 'review': 'Way to many adds but other then that it is a decent game just the adds keep on coming 👎', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'spotify 😁', 'title': '🤢'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The best game in the world', 'userName': 'arabee denise mata', 'review': 'Omg I got this game and I love it so so much you need to get it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 13, 21, 58), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Puppet trade', 'userName': 'bbf fhbddifnodng s', 'review': 'This game is so awesome and I think you should play it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 4, 43, 41), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s a good game but..', 'userName': 'lsldkdm dmdm cnjdjdn', 'review': 'This game is so fun! I play it everyday!!! But the cover says “scammed” and it never scammed me for a phone or AirPods… Overall it’s such a good game!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 13, 6, 32), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Childish', 'userName': 'Imagine Chi', 'review': 'It was so full of ads and also it treated you like an absolute baby. Not to mention it being too easy and a complete waste of time. It was so boring. Don’t bother getting this.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 2, 17, 6), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not enjoyable', 'userName': 'Its_Robust_YT', 'review': 'Game is not enjoyable at all as there are way to many ads. Otherwise would not download app and download a other similar app as the ads here are absolutely everywhere. Good app, bad ad placements', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 21, 52, 16), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'To many adds', 'userName': 'dogs rule#1🐶', 'review': 'I love this game it is so 🤩 but there are way to many adds cancel the adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 19, 33, 32), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads', 'userName': 'love, lexi', 'review': 'to many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 14, 58, 3), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Please look at this!', 'userName': '.4lifxrs', 'review': 'I beg u to add in app purchase of no ads that’s the one reason I hate the game!!!! I will gladly pay for no adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 18, 58, 29), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Boring', 'userName': 'Jackdub333', 'review': 'This has to be the most pointless game i’ve ever played. What’s the point in trading stuff if you can’t even see what items you have? Also, what are the coins for?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 11, 44, 9), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Why', 'userName': 'donut milkshake sofia', 'review': 'I downloaded this game because I was bored. And i saw the game and downloaded while playing another game. On level 1 YOUR TRADING IPHONES. LIKE BRO ITS SUPPOSED TO BE FIDGETS NOT IPHONES. I cant even get to the yellow part in the trading rate. 0/10 please dont buy this.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 17, 37, 43), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I like fidget trading 😐', 'userName': 'Dove Canron', 'review': 'I like the game but we get coins idk why when we don’t have a shop to spend the coins I like everything else tho I hope we can fix this or keep it the way it is', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 7, 20, 5), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ADS', 'userName': 'alicianollau', 'review': 'Every sec theres ads so annoying i mostly watch ads then actually play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 4, 36, 42), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s alright', 'userName': 'ahahahahahahahahs', 'review': 'It’s alright. It’s fun to trade the fidgets but every single time you pass a level you get a mobile ad.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 13, 9, 51), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Adds', 'userName': 'daevn', 'review': 'This game has to many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 23, 30, 21), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many ads', 'userName': 'cyber cat 468', 'review': 'The game is really fun I love to play it but there are way to Many ads please fix', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 22, 15), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Terrible', 'userName': 'Wolfi8179', 'review': 'I hate this game!!! It’s amazing at the start but.. SO MANY ADS!! Play a mini game? Ad. Play trading? Ad. Get a prize? AD! And I played for 20 minutes, and I got to trade once! Half of it- No maybe all of it was ad’s. I suggest another game. Reduce the ad’s please!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 20, 48, 5), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too much ads and inappropriate ads', 'userName': 'Jungkook97Fan', 'review': 'I played this game because I thought it would be fun but....THE ADS RUIN EVERYTHING! There is too much ads and 99% of the ads are inappropriate! Do not download!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 23, 50, 31), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ok!', 'userName': 'gymnast_girl123456', 'review': 'this game is alright. its fun to play for a bit. there is a lot of adds! maybe when updating make it so that we can see our invtory from the trades. also make it so that we can spend money thank you', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 16, 23, 17), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Omg what.', 'userName': 'ShadowUnicorn888', 'review': 'It keeps freezing at this one level (5) and I can never get past it! What is going on? You guys should update the game %100. How am I going to give this game a good rating if I can’t even play it?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 10, 57, 53), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This game is cool', 'userName': 'imnotellingumyname', 'review': 'This game is so cool I have a lot of fidgets and this is the perfect game to pretend I have friends to fidget trade with 9.9/10 bc there is random objects', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 20, 1, 27), 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'lThank you so much for making the game it is so fun!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 20, 17, 18), 'userName': 'SabannahJean', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'So quick story, someone scammed me on this game and I got very depressed 😓😓😓😓😓 but then I scammed her back so yes', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Heheh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 5, 31, 50), 'userName': 'Riley QwQ uwu', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'There is way to many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 55, 6), 'userName': 'ngujggiopknvAsxcvvsß', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'ITS SO FUN but  there was a scale to tell how good or bad it is and the scale needs to be gone so we can accept the trade how we want, and not the game!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s SO fun!🤪🤪', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 42, 54), 'userName': 'fluffy_lily123 tiktok', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Me and my sister love this game we play it nonstop. It’s very entertaining!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 4, 50, 51), 'userName': 'random rat :3', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I have a problem i cant even download the app?-', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'uh hi.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 30, 28), 'userName': 'lovegirl🌈🌸🦄🍭♥️♥️', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Way to many adds and pls take out the levels in between and just trading', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 41, 41), 'userName': 'Melon.seeds', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I have to close out the whole freaking game just to get out a add. Do not play if there was a way to not have adds the costs like 5 dollars maybe it would be a playable game', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The adds-', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 47, 54), 'userName': 'roblox wolf', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I always wanted to fight trade in real life and now I can 😁😁😁😁', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 12, 41, 26), 'userName': 'ki ki game in', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Why is there so many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 0, 33), 'userName': 'aprilzazaaa', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'i love it! Wish there was less adds', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'my point', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 26, 16), 'userName': 'barbie da baddie', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I love fidgeting on this app, but the app screen freezes a lot.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fidget Girl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 13, 23, 13), 'userName': '123LEC', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Too many aid other than that I love it', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'My review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 17, 21, 14), 'userName': 'zz tv', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Good game but fidgets I do not get because I do not get how popping is too fun how bout stuff animal trading game because those are so cute', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Stuff animals', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 3, 45, 19), 'userName': 'Depop princess', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I love this game very much thx for making it', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love this', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 18, 43, 3), 'userName': 'sophia (☞ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)☞', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I guess I will have to delete this app. I got it for my 7 yr old granddaughter and the commercials advertise games like cars running over pedestrians and girls having sex. What the heck it is a kids game I thought.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bad commercials', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 13, 31, 27), 'userName': 'rbenn5514', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'Nice game but there’s a lot of ads, I would buy a no ad thing for like $5', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads Ads Ads Ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 9, 14, 49), 'userName': 'Bray0414', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I like it but their is A LOT of ads an it kind gets a bit annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I like it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 7, 41), 'userName': 'anime fan lol', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Everytime I do 1 level a ad shows up and it is one minute or less and I hate ads and the bot is greedy', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ADS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 23, 46, 38), 'userName': 'jethssidicd', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I live this game but after every trade there is an ad!!! I get that you have to make money but atleast don’t do this many ads!!!!! This game is very frustrating becuase of all of the ads!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many ads🙄', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 24, 39), 'userName': 'krazeeKC1234', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 53, 32), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love the game but too many adds', 'userName': 'j hjxj', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ok'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 21, 52, 44), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This app is amazing especially for iPhone', 'userName': 'sellannasx (im a werido)', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Best app ever'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 4, 10, 11), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Way to many ads but other than that really fun', 'userName': 'brave Amelia', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Okay'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 14, 43, 22), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I j saw a tiktok about a girl “shes probably cheating on me” and then she plays this game lolll its funny ok have a good day 🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'userName': 'sxz_9', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'lollll'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 3, 44, 5), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'It is grate without Wi Fi but after a while it gets really boring hopefully this helps 😀😀😀', 'userName': 'grate i gess', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Eh I guess it fine'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 5, 1, 59), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'To be honest this app is really fun but there are way to many adds!', 'userName': 'Connerisafk', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'My opinion'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 4, 39, 26), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Why do I have to do like a million mini games before I can trade. Also…I CANT SCAM ANYONE!', 'userName': 'Have a nice summer', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Why is there more than just trading?'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 4, 17, 14), 'rating': 5, 'review': '😘👍🏽😁😁😁😁', 'userName': 'Rockzilla56', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love the I will be getting so many pop it’s'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 2, 26, 43), 'rating': 1, 'review': "Got this game for my son as it said 4 and over and the ads are a very inappropriate for a child's game. One was showing a character spying on their neighbor changing… so disappointed", 'userName': 'momreview612', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Inappropriate ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 4, 54), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'It’s so fun oh and I think you should to a update', 'userName': 'zoomgoodkylee', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'So good'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 43, 46), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I got it but I can’t open it and my storage is fine I just can’t open the game', 'userName': 'bdkfbxkdbsksbdjd', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The game'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 2, 8, 10), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS UNLESS YOU WANNA BE TRACKED! It literally says “location” and “identifiers”. They can track you! This is very very bad! Why would they even need this stuff for an app about fidgets? Delete this app if you have it! This is not a joke!', 'userName': 'At_ocean_city.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Do not download unless…'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 33, 4), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'It is a good game and I love it so much but it’s ok with me to play this game all the time', 'userName': '👅👅💄💄', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Real good'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 0, 37, 8), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The game was good but the update is amazing! So many new fidgets AND YOU CAN FINALLY SCAM!!! I love this game so much!!!', 'userName': 'slapshot48 Ajpw', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 33, 19), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I live it so much cUase I love fidgets and i love 3d games\nAnd it combined and im like omg I HAVE to download this i loAve it and it is so fun😋', 'userName': 'tangpun', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Omg i Lovw it'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 3, 47, 25), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The game is pretty cool but there is just way too many ads I mean come on every time I click on something an ad come up.', 'userName': 'imfeelinghungry', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 18, 16, 18), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Too many ads. You can’t even play the game because there is an ad every five seconds 🙄', 'userName': 'hijabi._', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bad game'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 15, 41, 16), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'It’s fun when you get to play but the app is really only full of adds. You bro t even really get to play the actual game', 'userName': 'aurorabora252', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s okay'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 45, 28), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'There are too many ads and some levels arent even fidget trading and some arent even fidget related', 'userName': 'JojoTheCoconxt', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads And trading'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 42, 4), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Everytime I complete a level it gives my an ad and it’s annoying', 'userName': '\uf8ff lucas', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good game but too many ads'}, {'title': '¯\\_(ツ)_/¯', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 1, 26, 22), 'review': 'People who don’t know about the airplane mode trick 👊😃', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'flimingo dulingo'}, {'title': 'Fun, just to many ads.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 47, 9), 'review': 'This game low key is fun but every single level you go through it’s just ads so im not quite satisfied', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'crunchyrollisthebest'}, {'title': 'Good', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 22, 39, 59), 'review': 'There are to many adds but I like it', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "Uhh what's a nickname"}, {'title': 'change it pls', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 3, 55, 56), 'review': 'it’s ok but before you start trading you have to do so much that isn’t even fun and there is way to much ads for what?pls change this and i don’t like how you press “no thank you”and it takes you to a ad pls change..', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'idk of ugh'}, {'title': 'Emely Johanna', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 15, 5, 22), 'review': 'Oh, Hi!\nI ❤️this game!\nI even made my own and my cousin and I were playing It yesterday!\nAnd I couldn’t believe how fun it was!\nThe grin 😀 on our face!\nOh I loved it!\nWell bye I’m gonna play a little more of the game you guys made!\nOkay byeeeee', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Emely Johanna Rivas Carranza'}, {'title': 'I’m just here from tiktok', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 4, 51, 35), 'review': '#speakingfromtheheart', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'idk?????\'"??....'}, {'title': 'Boring', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 16, 6, 35), 'review': 'You can’t get scam people and you can’t really get that good pop it’s', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ahugt jj d I BBC o f of hv'}, {'title': 'Awesome but a lot of ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 2, 13, 7), 'review': 'I’m a kid and i usally don’t write reviews and stuff but it’s good but I hate the ads so I’m gonna delete it', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'iiiiiiwwithdbd'}, {'title': 'WAY to many ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 48, 53), 'review': 'It’s cool and all quite fun but there is wayyyyy to many ads please fix this thanks and bye', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'angb302070'}, {'title': 'So many ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 42, 39), 'review': 'Good game but so so so so many ads. There was an ad every 2 seconds so it kinda annoyed me and ruined the game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lillyan Mae'}, {'title': 'Reason', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 38, 1), 'review': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'canncle'}, {'title': 'Garbage', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 21, 5, 51), 'review': 'I am outraged that anyone would ever make a game like this I only downloaded it so I can write this review and if I played I would still give a bad review because fidget trading is one of the stupidest things to ever exists!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'OnlyReviewIWillEverMake'}, {'title': 'Could be wayyyy better', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 23, 48, 2), 'review': 'I like this game but so many ads I would rate this a 5 if there wasn’t so many ads ty', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jsmsmsndbdbd'}, {'title': 'Inappropriatism! That’s a word now', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 0, 55, 20), 'review': 'My son plays this game alllll the time and I was watching my son play and I saw some extremely inappropriate advertisements!! And I thought this game was 4+! Fix this or else!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hoverboardmaster 700'}, {'title': 'I', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 22, 18, 32), 'review': 'It’s really good but I don’t like the ads 🙂', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Icedixie'}, {'title': 'Amazing!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 22, 43, 37), 'review': 'More updates please! Cured my anxiety!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rrryurjrgtwywsifjg'}, {'title': 'Inappropriate ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 19, 35, 6), 'review': 'I downloaded this app for my 8yr old on her iPad and in less than the first 5 minutes she got 2 porn related ads and I had her delete the app', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'upsetmom122'}, {'title': 'Too Many Ads', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 16, 15, 29), 'review': 'This game is super fun but there is wayyyyy to many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Emiliezzzzzz'}, {'title': 'Ads', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 14, 17), 'review': 'Their are so many adds like omg stop it it’s annoying pls put less adds then I might give it a 5 or 4', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hdhdhdufucuvuuvuvugugugu'}, {'title': 'Not good at all', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 1, 22, 25), 'review': 'I thought it was just gonna be all about fidget trading but it’s not it has to many mini games and to many adds so there you go I am done now', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BriannalSchultz'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 1, 54, 51), 'userName': 'Eva kline', 'review': 'I think it is fun I have real figets it’s really for I recamend', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Eva Kline little girl', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 14, 53, 7), 'userName': '😉😉🥰😛🤩🤨', 'review': 'This game is awesome but… there’s more ads then the levels and there inappropriate🤬🤬🤬🤬😁😁😆😆', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Read plz be for download', 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 23, 51, 50), 'userName': 'Doggo man', 'review': "I like the game, but there is a lot of ads. Also, I wanna fidget trade more than just popping the pop it's", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'good game, just to many ads', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 16, 42, 34), 'userName': 'Spoe12345', 'review': 'This game is like fun the first time you try it. Then it’s boring. And some of the fidgets aren’t real fidgets! I’m sorry, but that just annoys me. And it’s laggy soo yeah. I advice you not download it.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ehhh', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 21, 55), 'userName': 'Bruuhuhuhhhuhhhh', 'review': 'There is way too many adds, and after each level there is another add. The game isn’t even worth the adds.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bruhh', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 11, 23, 41), 'userName': 'Paige Markotay', 'review': 'I get it is As they get money but way to many ads they tell you what to trade basically and an ad happens after you play 1 round', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'WAY to many ads!', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 25, 2), 'userName': 'Sunflxweraries', 'review': 'The game itself is not terrible but there is literally an ad every 10 seconds and you can’t play at all before you get an ad.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Terrible', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 21, 34, 35), 'userName': 'dylan zippe luver', 'review': 'The game is fun but there’s way too many adds back to back it’s really annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'title': '2 ⭐️', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 14, 12, 24), 'userName': 'lol me is noob', 'review': 'I like this game its so fun cause it has fidgets really fun', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Pandy the panda', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 10, 19, 30), 'userName': 'player 2489', 'review': 'The the game just take away so much ads it gets 4 stars', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The ads', 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 20, 47), 'userName': 'Aliyah601', 'review': 'There are way too many ads it is so annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ads', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 16, 35, 22), 'userName': 'Brookie💩', 'review': 'Gosh where do I start.. Too many ads, aspects of the game are literally broken, the gameplay isn’t even the same as the ads. Don’t download this besties 🌝', 'isEdited': False, 'title': '😑', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 16, 29, 45), 'userName': 'Bactof', 'review': 'Wow, really thought this game was good. But when it updated. It wasn’t good, IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER!!! THIS GAME IS AWSOME. SO AWSOME THAT I DONT EVEN CARE ABOUT THE ADS. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK DEVS BECAUSE THHIS GAME IS REAL AWSOME', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Thought it was good', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 21, 36, 10), 'userName': 'jwigdiwhgd', 'review': 'I like the idea of the game and all but I can hardly play it because there are so many adds please remove adds. 🙂', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Way to many adds', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 0, 49, 30), 'userName': 'hz. x', 'review': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Review', 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 23, 23, 11), 'userName': 'Juliana Legend', 'review': 'There’s was an ad after every level and there were about 3 in a row everytime', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bad', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 2, 54, 42), 'userName': 'Emajayrussell', 'review': 'I love it so much 10 out of 10', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s so good', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 19, 27, 4), 'userName': 'Sadie- bug', 'review': 'This game helps me with the value of my fidgets:) 9.9/10', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game review', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 20, 33), 'userName': '❤︎❤︎❤︎✯✯✯', 'review': 'This game is so cool I love trading I don’t mind the ads so overall it’s rlly fun!😃', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This game is SO 𝙲𝙾𝙾𝙻', 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 24, 37), 'userName': 'Ariel😽😻', 'review': 'Fix it', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I hate the adds and it’s slow', 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 20, 10, 13), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'the game isn’t bad, just put your phone on airplane mode and turn your wifi off if u don’t want any ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Its_kenzie8', 'title': 'ad hack'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 16, 2, 59), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Jesus I’m trying to play the game not watch ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jrcnznvmg', 'title': 'Ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 14, 55, 49), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'It’s enjoyable but you get an Ad almost every second', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'anxnymxxs', 'title': 'Many Ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 13, 43, 30), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love it but it is a little confusing', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lilla anne', 'title': 'Amazing but'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 23, 23, 55), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game because it’s so fun to play with it I love all the stuff and the pop it’s 😍😍🥰🥰🥰😃😀😀😊😊', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kathinre', 'title': 'So satisfying😊😊😊'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 32, 45), 'rating': 5, 'review': "I LIVE THIS GAME LITERALLY LIVE UT but I'm confused on those little cups stacking thing. The maker if this game please respond to this! Nvm I got it", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'olisa82', 'title': 'THIS GAME IS AWESOME but....'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 7, 27, 24), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I really like this game but it has to many ads so ima rate it a 3 out of 10', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nannosgf', 'title': '3/10'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 18, 8, 44), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'For starters it’s a really good game it’s really satisfying and fun but every single second you get a new add it’s so annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'froppythefroggy', 'title': 'TOOO MANY ADDS'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 19, 54, 56), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love it', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hulett05', 'title': 'I give this a 5 star'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 44, 19), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'don’t get me wrong this app is fun to play, but there are just too many ads. after every trade / game there’s an ad, it gets very annoying and just caused me to delete the game. i dont recommend playing this if ads annoy you.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Katie_121212124', 'title': 'too many ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 41, 51), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game looks like real life and it has scams like in real life!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dhhxhhfg', 'title': 'Great game!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 1, 11, 34), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I like trading, because that’s the point. But the mini games i do not enjoy, at all. And the coins are useless.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Follow My Yt wxlfx', 'title': 'Info'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 34, 16), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I hate how many ads there are but over all good', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Maddielover030507', 'title': 'My review'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 13, 32, 49), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'It’s so cool, it’s like real fidget trading just online!!🤣', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'annYyyyyyttt', 'title': 'So much fun'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 49, 1), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Like the title says there should be a way to purchase no ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bthebeanpole0909', 'title': 'To many ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 0, 35, 36), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'It ok because it’s not bad it’s just the ads is not good but I like that game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Roblox girl funn', 'title': 'I don’t really like it’s ok'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 3, 11, 53), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'The robot need to give more items. I offered like ten and got two', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Wildtaner6767', 'title': 'ROBOT'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 0, 38, 7), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'this game has way to many ads and i know it’s a game but there is a ad every 10 seconds. You can barely play the game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mjelen366', 'title': 'just bad'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 55, 43), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'There is way to many adds each time u do a trade it shows up an add :(', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jdjeowjsnsbenf', 'title': 'To many adds'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 17, 29), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Every time you want to do something a 60 second ad pops up it’s annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TheGameGodess', 'title': 'Too many ads'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is the funniest game in the world get it now it is really fun trust me', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 3, 42, 36), 'userName': 'tik tok ray jay', 'title': 'The best'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There are way too many ads. Once you complete a level there is an ad.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 19), 'userName': 'Never download app ever', 'title': 'Too many ads'}, {'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Like cmon stop', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 22, 4, 23), 'userName': 'Isabella Zelada', 'title': 'To many ads'}, {'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is a waste of time you don’t get scammed and you don’t feel like a real trader', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 16, 44, 31), 'userName': 'i 💕dog', 'title': 'Don’t get this app'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There is a add after everything you do and takes a good bit too download.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 1, 29, 42), 'userName': 'coolman 68', 'title': 'Fix this game!'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game so he is some money 💰', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 40, 32), 'userName': 'lolndat', 'title': 'Thanks'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I don’t like that there is so many adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 2, 11, 4), 'userName': 'Ashosthequeen', 'title': 'What I don’t like'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I gave it a 1 star, because i thought u could scam. But u can’t this is fake there’s to much ads, everything 2 times! I hate this game. 😔✨🔥 Update this horrible game....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 21, 15, 58), 'userName': 'SxryTxmeLxie', 'title': 'Bad game'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is obviously an app designed to lure in small kids so they can watch several ads so this company can profit off them', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 51, 19), 'userName': 'tybreelo', 'title': 'Bad'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After every level there is a ad and it gets annoying', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 1, 48), 'userName': 'cccrrrrsssss', 'title': 'ADS'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It is so bad I want to smash my IPHONE', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 17, 41, 41), 'userName': 'Princess bubbys', 'title': 'I hate it'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Every time I do something it always a add so annoying', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 29, 54), 'userName': 'norllie', 'title': 'It’s ok'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Way too many ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 3, 54, 57), 'userName': 'Taya W.', 'title': 'My review'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I HATE THEM!!! If you hate adds in the middle of your game as much as I do don’t get the game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 17, 59, 39), 'userName': 'rick asyley', 'title': 'Adds'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Hi this game is so much fun and you have done a great job', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 3, 17, 26), 'userName': 'hdjskxlckdjjcjcjfjcjdn', 'title': 'Fidget trading'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I thought I was gonna get these fidgets irl but I didn’t, this game was a scam it never told me that I wasn’t gonna get these fidgets irl, I knew it was a scam from the start considering that it is free HORRIBLE', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 7, 17, 22), 'userName': 'ahahfvthejdifg', 'title': 'Horrible'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Every time I watch an ad my game crashes and every single time I complete a level it forces me to watch one.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 21, 12, 25), 'userName': 'oriential distributor', 'title': 'Crashes and and ADS'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': '❤️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 36, 26), 'userName': 'DisnsiD', 'title': 'It’s awesome you should get it'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There is to much adds but I love the game just to much adds.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 28, 21), 'userName': 'mfmdjsjjdmsksk', 'title': 'Adds'}, {'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is fun and all, but there are way to many ads, please fix.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 52, 8), 'userName': 'Jksdjdbsnsosi', 'title': 'My review…'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'very satisfying. if you are worried about the ads, just put your device in airplane mode 🤷\u200d♂️ it’s the same game without ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 15, 48, 25), 'title': 'fun game ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'WildVespas'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I have plenty of storage on my phone but when I try to install the app it doesn’t work', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 16, 1, 24), 'title': 'The app won’t let me download it', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cyberwolf32'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'There are way to many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 12, 8, 22), 'title': 'Ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'geb dndnfnfnnfn'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'It’s is a very entertaining game when you have no one to actually fidget trade with but there are to many adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 5, 53, 49), 'title': 'To many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jtftwforthewin'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'It’s okay not the best game bugs it’s ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 16, 5, 50), 'title': 'Really fun', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Fhstgvhhn'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'To many ads and they are all girl ads or some weird inappropriate dating ad and my 4 year old son played this and I saw this ad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 0, 26, 25), 'title': 'Why', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '293748262920484'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Sound effects on POINT😇', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 33, 55), 'title': 'Good game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'z,iyon'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'It was good it’s just way too many adds so fix that', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 39, 41), 'title': 'Eh', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '❤️💛💚💜💖💞hsudhdvdi'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'There is an ad every two seconds.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 11, 55), 'title': 'Too many ads awful', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Artsy_girl103'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'Ok so this is a fun game but after like every level their is a add😐', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 59, 16), 'title': 'A lot of adds', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lunlunhoneybun'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'There is an ad after every level so all your doing is watching ads it’s so', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 16, 37, 56), 'title': 'All there is is ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pillowpet27'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I wanted to do was trade the fidgets instead they made me have to pop pop it’s with one finger I do not like this game at all I never really even got to trade', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 22, 5, 48), 'title': 'Bad', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bologna bear likes to eat poop'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'this would be amazing with multiplayer to trade fidgets and very funny to fake scam friends with toys for people who cannot meet irl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 22, 19, 7), 'title': 'PLS ADD MULTIPLAYER OPTION!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'HappyKitten4986'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I love this game i wish that there werent so many mini games and dumb ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 3, 38, 54), 'title': 'Awsome but', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jj tha bay bay'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'Ya I like this game like ALOT but my one issue is I couldn’t figure out FOR THE LIFE OF ME how to spend coins lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 9, 0, 48), 'title': 'Cool but.......', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rhhhhhyla'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'So I was reading the reviews and it was like “this game is horrible and blah blah blah” BUT THIS GAME IS AMAZING AND I LOVE IT! I would definitely recommend it!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 0, 48, 43), 'title': 'IM ADDICTED!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'figitlover2010....'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'There’s A LOT of ads 🙂 but other than that I like it it’s ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 6, 46, 33), 'title': 'ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'daniii<3'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'My phone was glitching on a ad you should put less ads plus this isn’t even trading', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 11, 20, 8), 'title': 'Bad game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "♥★♥★♥?♥♥★!!'ncvjsjjsjsjss"}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'I like the game but I do not like some things.       (Read!)\n\n⚠️1⚠️ after u trade if u fail u have to watch an ad to re do it but even if u say no u still have to watch a ad. It’s useless.\n\n⚠️2⚠️when there have bous rounds I get kicked out.\n\nThere are much more things', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 15, 14, 37), 'title': 'Disappointed', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ree gill'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'It’s fine for w minute. Ads every two games, and repeats. Long ads too.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 20, 57, 2), 'title': 'Repeats', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Crazy8034'}, {'review': 'if ur playing an offline game and seeing way too many ads turn ur wifi off!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 12, 41, 59), 'title': 'a good til for u 😜', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mobilegamer28373'}, {'review': 'it was good quality but the thing is, if you don’t want a frozen phone for a whole day, DONT GET IT!!! it froze my whole phone for a day.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 23, 59, 8), 'title': 'please please PLEASE don’t get', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ShaelynB'}, {'review': 'Wait why is this actually really fun💀', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 7, 8, 33), 'title': 'I', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'tsa gaming officiall'}, {'review': 'Maybe if you didn’t put that much adds \nI will read it five out five', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 13, 20, 39), 'title': 'No add', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kim Burley'}, {'review': 'Every level I complete there is an ad. This has to stop . It’s super annoying and made me remove the game.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 12, 55, 26), 'title': 'Ads.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dudjejwisn'}, {'review': 'Too many adds😑', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 6, 35, 25), 'title': 'No', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'HututiEuybthf'}, {'review': 'The game is fun.. but not the same in the ad, and also there an ad ever time you finish a level and it’s really annoying 😒', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 20, 19, 31), 'title': 'Absolute Garbage-', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'puppiesQ-Q'}, {'review': 'If your child is very impatient don’t have them play this bc I legit get 3 ads in a row when I am playing its SO ANNOYING! Don’t get this game', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 28, 9), 'title': 'Way too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SwirlMcCurl'}, {'review': 'I love it!!! But to many adds! Plz take some adds away!!', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 21, 46, 41), 'title': '3 ⭐️ ratting', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'evenrud'}, {'review': 'ok i downloaded this because i was bored but its awful. ads every 30 seconds and the only fun part is the fidget trading, which is barely even in the game, despite it being advertised as a fidget trading game. the other minigames are cheap knock offs of other games. clearly made for the sole purpose of getting money.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 1, 58, 23), 'title': 'awful game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MiaForever902'}, {'review': 'This is a pretty cool app I would recommend it', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 23, 37, 15), 'title': 'Good game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'brighrub'}, {'review': 'The game is a little fun but it started to get boring because there was ads every single second and the game lied cause you can’t scam!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 17, 58, 15), 'title': 'This game was not fun', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sophia12098123'}, {'review': 'Way too many ads I’m talking about every single level', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 3, 6, 52), 'title': 'Whatever', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Uvguguguclbbgshk'}, {'review': 'there is to many ads, and i can’t get pass a single ad, i don’t really like this game because it lags, NOT recommended.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 0, 33, 18), 'title': 'it’s not that good.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dfhhhvcrjbb'}, {'review': 'It’s a fun game but there is to many ads please change it', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 39, 7), 'title': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'um i dont know a nick name'}, {'review': 'If I could rate this 0 stars I would there are literally one THIRTY-SECOND ad each time you complete a level, this is a horrible game.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 32, 51), 'title': 'Don’t get it', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Daniela3409'}, {'review': 'There are sooooo many ads and\nSome of the ads are bad for me\nAnd some of the ads are for 17 year \nOlds and some for 12\nAND THE 17 YEAR OLD ADS ARE KISSING\nPLEASE FIX THAT!!!!!!!!!!!\nAnd I’m 9 years old so please fix that\nOr I’m putting a 0 star review \nFix the ads and the game', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 12, 47, 21), 'title': 'FIX THE ADS', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'im not telling my nama'}, {'review': 'So many adds after every level', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 22, 0, 35), 'title': 'Way to many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Taylor._.311'}, {'review': 'Worst game ever I want to trade not do asmr and you can not scamm also there is so many adds I hope this game get taken down', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 2, 39, 27), 'title': 'Worst thing ever', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'worst game ever 1098'}, {'review': 'There is too many Ads Ads every 5 seconds', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 14, 8, 49), 'title': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mexican Studios'}, {'title': 'too many ads', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'PIMGASMOTHER', 'review': 'not the best, too many ads, not enough figetting sadly 1/5', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 16, 18, 18)}, {'title': 'Eh', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'zoeylou packer', 'review': 'I like this game good pops and stuff but tons of adds and I thought it was just fidget trade and stuff but their is different stuff', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 3, 24, 35)}, {'title': 'My kids love it', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'mira537373', 'review': 'This game is great', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 17, 46, 24)}, {'title': 'Dis game trash', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'manwithapickle42', 'review': 'This game is for two year olds and people that don’t have an outside life, if you enjoy this game have fun being a waste of space.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 8, 21, 32)}, {'title': 'Adds', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'shaylahgunderson443', 'review': 'Way to many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 20, 17, 43)}, {'title': 'Bruh', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Jayla❤️\u200d🩹', 'review': 'I saw this game everywhere so I decided to download it it’s a fun game but there are TOO MANY ADS like every new round a new ad come on likeee cmon now😭🤦\u200d♀️ NOW bye \n\nFrom:Jayla', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 13, 47, 56)}, {'title': 'Too many ads', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'naubdn', 'review': 'More ads than gameplay', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 19, 14)}, {'title': 'Ummm', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'is it s scam?', 'review': 'Between every trade there is a long long add. I thought this would be fun but wayyyyyy to many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 32, 16)}, {'title': 'Like the game but', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'i am very very very sad', 'review': 'I like the game but the bad thing is is there’s a add every level', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 10, 57)}, {'title': 'Ads', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Official._sunarintaro', 'review': 'The game is great overall but there’s just to many ads.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 52, 55)}, {'title': 'it’s eeehhh', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Past upset', 'review': 'The game is fun but the levels are so short and there’s SOOO many adds. It’s not even funny.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 19, 54)}, {'title': 'Fun', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'One face', 'review': 'This game is very fun but there is WAY to many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 17, 4, 3)}, {'title': 'TOO MANY ADS', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Elikka Redstone', 'review': 'After every 15 second level you get a 30 second ad. Not worth it.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 6, 43, 55)}, {'title': 'Worst game', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'dj rose last name sky', 'review': 'I would have gave it a 5 if it was better and you trade with real people ands there’s so many ads I have a better game of fidgets srry worst app', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 20, 12, 18)}, {'title': 'Eh', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Jaedon r Ramos', 'review': 'It’s a good game just wish it had more fidgets except for random crap', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 15, 57, 39)}, {'title': 'Good', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Emma4520', 'review': 'Don’t listen to the other comments actually this is a good app and sure there are adds but oh well all free apps have adds it’s fun and ya.😄', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 8, 39)}, {'title': 'Way to many ads', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'meatria', 'review': 'Okay so the game is fun and all but I give it a one star there’s just way to much ads every single stage', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 16, 56, 43)}, {'title': 'ADS ADS ADS', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Jaydaabaydaa', 'review': 'Wayyyy too many ads! The game would actually be fun if there wasn’t an ad every time you finish trading or playing with a fidget!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 27, 13)}, {'title': 'Ava', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'jdjhdbdhdbdbdhdhdhd', 'review': 'Add after every game I played and was so annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 4, 0, 34)}, {'title': 'To many ads', 'rating': 1, 'userName': '『ＲＩＮＲＩＮ』', 'review': 'So I don’t know how to explain it but this game is not the best for 2 reasons, 1. To many ads 2. You can’t get scammed,', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 17, 12, 21)}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 11, 49, 26), 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love second so I will love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love it', 'userName': 'dvdgcffxd'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 21, 28, 37), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Its ok I like but a bigger variety of fidgets like a neado for example. Other then that’s it’s pretty good I recommend.\n\nAnd yes I AM KNOW THE FIDGET TRADING MASTER!!!!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I AM BECOMING THE FIDGET TRADING MASTER!!', 'userName': 'Halo i like apps'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 18, 19, 20), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'this game has so many ads it’s a fun game but the creators should fix this thanks', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'TOO MANY ADDS', 'userName': 'IsabellaSlothLover💜'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 31, 3), 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It ok but you don’t just do fidget trading and to many add', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Merp', 'userName': 'pickles_queen'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 15, 17, 16), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Ok so TO MANY ADS PLEASE to much it’s not even letting me even play the ads looked so cool But every time i add something it’s a bad trade IM SO MAD if other people see the ads for this game and wanna try it good luck', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'STOPP PLEASE', 'userName': 'Dancing coffee queen1234'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 7, 1, 4), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'it’s okay , but it needs some work . please add an option to pay for no ads . also , an in game fidget shop would be cool since there’s no real use for the coins yet', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'repetitive', 'userName': 'splashinizz'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 49, 41), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Adds after one round', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Adds', 'userName': 'Meedec'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 4, 10, 49), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Keep showing ads after playing once', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fight game', 'userName': 'the best ❤️\u200d🔥'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 19, 57, 27), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I love fidgets and I love trading but there are SO MANY ADDS I feel like there is more adds than playing and I don’t care about popping bubbles for coins I JUST WANT TO FIDGET TRADE', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It makes me mad', 'userName': 'yasyasyas1234'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 5, 0, 7), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'You get to play the game so shortly and mostly have to watch ads. No thanks', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many ads', 'userName': 'RCWolfie13'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 0, 3, 57), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Please remove the adds or i will go back to the other fidget trading apps i do like the app but not the ada', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Its good but..', 'userName': 'Tan yang'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 4, 39, 25), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The game went from fidget trading to some how popping fidgets and I couldn’t trade fidgets it’s pathetic 2/5 don’t buy it.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Unbiased review', 'userName': 'arley garcia'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 10, 18, 3), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'They need to lessen the ads there are too many bye…', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ADS!!', 'userName': 'luke_110911'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 19, 24, 17), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads', 'userName': 'Nyla the person who wrote this'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 8, 9), 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Honestly it’s ok But there’s to many adds and it’s vary glitchy It’s not that bad tho😐', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s ok', 'userName': 'Uno skip card'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 58, 37), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'There is an ad after every level', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ads', 'userName': 'xplrDanny'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 37, 50), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I hate this game it gave me cancer and there is way too many ads it’s super annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'So many ads', 'userName': 'Huskle Husky'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 42, 10), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'It’s fun don’t get me wrong I love it but was to many adds like omg get rid of some of the adds is so annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s fun ig', 'userName': 'love your family1245678910$@'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 15, 47), 'rating': 2, 'review': 'It’s an okay game it need’s a little editing for suer,the AD’s are fine with me i don’t really care but it’s okay', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s okay', 'userName': 'isane wolf dragon'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 47, 23), 'rating': 1, 'review': 'after every round you get a ad and as soon as you go on the app there’s an ad', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'fun but WAY too many ads', 'userName': 'Give me my money back 🖕🖕'}, {'title': 'Pop pop', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 13, 9, 27), 'review': 'Good game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tt2567'}, {'title': 'Advertisements', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 12, 49, 11), 'review': 'Ive done more ad watching than getting to play the actual game.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lolzforlols'}, {'title': 'made my phone freeze', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 1, 38, 57), 'review': 'my phone froze and flickered for about 5 minutes! i have an iphone 7 plus and i don’t know if it is just my phone or not. however, i would not recommend unless you want a freeze every 5 minutes.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'duhitslaya'}, {'title': '...', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 23, 3, 36), 'review': 'It’s a good game but needs a LOT less adds!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jason0713'}, {'title': 'To. Many ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 17, 2, 14), 'review': 'To many  ads', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'tmmmmmgjcbd'}, {'title': 'me', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 5, 33, 59), 'review': 'i give this 4 stars it would’ve been 5 stars if their wasn’t to many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NizedPlays'}, {'title': 'Figit', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 20, 31, 36), 'review': 'Ok so I like the game but TOO MANY ADDS! I have seen the same add 3 times in a ROW🙄😢😭😭🙏', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'suzannefinn'}, {'title': 'Adds', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 18, 28, 25), 'review': 'The game is pretty good, the adds on the other hand are very distracting. Every level I go through has an add 👹', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nicole SKYSQUAD'}, {'title': 'Lol', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 26, 8), 'review': 'Overall it’s a good game but every time I finish the level it just pops up and add', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kayden1036'}, {'title': 'To much adds', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 26, 53), 'review': 'there are to much adds But besides that it’s a great Game!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'baby beans 😩'}, {'title': 'To much adds', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 15, 34, 42), 'review': 'It would be 4 if there wasn’t as many adds.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'parkiethepro'}, {'title': 'Horrible game.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 4, 32, 39), 'review': 'There’s a 30 second ad every 10 seconds. This game is a waste of time.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'puppyloverbox :)'}, {'title': 'Too many glitches', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 1, 3, 40), 'review': 'Fun game but it glitches so much', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hdkakndbx'}, {'title': 'To many ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 20, 11, 52), 'review': 'There are ads every 5 seconds it’s so annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'billybobislife6'}, {'title': 'The most  stupid app ever', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 19, 17, 40), 'review': 'The levels are way to hard if you’re not trading, and there are waaaaaaaaaaaaaay to many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'gfcyirdiyrdiyrduyfd'}, {'title': 'To much', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 49, 1), 'review': 'To. Much adds after every level there was an ad', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'king ivory 11'}, {'title': 'Pretty good, a isue!', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 31, 5), 'review': 'This is a pretty good game! But a issue and a annoying isue is that the ads pop up every trade you do!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'poutybella'}, {'title': 'Adds', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 15, 23, 28), 'review': 'Why are there so many adds. Like every mobile game dose not have this many adds. This game bro.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kashifplayz'}, {'title': '.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 1, 2, 3), 'review': 'too many ads and i just want to trade. the little mini games should be optional. you shouldn’t automatically have to play them they should be saved for later.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'omgitzmimi'}, {'title': 'Too Many ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 17, 37, 58), 'review': 'The game has too many ads that you can’t even enjoy the game. 👎👎', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Notary Coffee'}, {'title': 'Best game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s okay I love it’s satisfying so much\n❤️💜🤍', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 20, 41, 26), 'userName': 'Wormy kon'}, {'title': 'This is pretty fun 👁👄👁', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ok I gotta say this is super fun I really like playing it! 😳😍🙃', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 1, 29, 43), 'userName': 'billamillamia'}, {'title': 'ads', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'game is honestly entertaining but there are WAY too many ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 3, 19, 19), 'userName': '$@)?@'}, {'title': 'It’s okay.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like it but it would be better with NO Ads', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 4, 18, 12), 'userName': 'imsocutelolekdjsbshispka'}, {'title': 'tips', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'One you can’t scam people it’s boring and turn on airplane mode for no ads xo <3', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 22, 58, 1), 'userName': '|Elle|'}, {'title': 'Take off adds', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Too many adds every time I get done with a level it’s a add', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 36, 24), 'userName': 'uhsrjbcgjvdtj'}, {'title': 'SO much ads hate it', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'i hate how it has so much ads k bye', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 0, 4), 'userName': 'mrs hawkins and mr hawkins'}, {'title': 'Ads😒', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There are way to many ads. I’m deleting this😕', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 25, 53), 'userName': 'jaliyahF'}, {'title': 'Good game but too many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is good but there are adds after every trade or every fidget.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 18, 9, 39), 'userName': 'Silly belly tv'}, {'title': 'uhh', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game it’s self but it’s too many ads like why for and some of the game ads i already have uhhh .', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 0, 5), 'userName': 'bababbgugigjfjcjfjfj'}, {'title': 'I hate this game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Well I just got this game to TRADE FIDGETS \nBut you do it twice when you do ten levels', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 0, 43, 13), 'userName': 'jfndndjdjdhdhdhdhhtrrtiw'}, {'title': 'Hate this game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I only did one trade and then it switched to different stuff :/  that’s not even trading more', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 2, 58, 47), 'userName': 'COLECRAZYN'}, {'title': 'Is fun but this is a must fix', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So it’s fun and all but EVERYTIME A ADD PLAYS ITS FREEZES OR GLITCHES OF KICKS YOU OUT OF THE APP! NEEDS DO BE FIXED TERRIBLY BUG!!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 1, 49, 40), 'userName': 'kiknowimcrazy'}, {'title': 'Booooring', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Dis is boring because u can’t use money or the fidgets and u can’t get scammed or something it is hella boring don’t download it if u don’t wanna be bored', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 1, 41, 35), 'userName': 'puppy gamerzXD'}, {'title': 'adds', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'i live this game but its has to many adds', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 28, 26), 'userName': 'zoeywithacutenose'}, {'title': 'Coins?', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'What is the use of the coins I’ve gained so many and don’t know.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 19, 4, 48), 'userName': 'plou3245'}, {'title': 'PLS', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ok the game has soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo many ads and when you ad to rety like the blocks how you have to stack it moves and nad it say YOU MEES UP And I like bRO so yeah', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 47, 57), 'userName': 'alex the poop head'}, {'title': 'Just trading', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I kinda really wanted JUST fidget trading but its still cool ig', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 23, 20, 48), 'userName': 'DjtannerslashDaniela'}, {'title': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game but to many ads I will get an add every time I do a trade', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 1, 56, 58), 'userName': 'its good but to many ads'}, {'title': 'Trading', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Not working well, would not recommend, probably a 1 star rating for me', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 17, 7, 46), 'userName': 'good neighborhood 2142'}, {'review': 'This game is the best this game should get a extra game for a GREAT GREAT work', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'LOVE IT', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 18, 31, 2), 'userName': 'kamiyahh'}, {'review': 'this game only exists to trick you into watching adds, there is only 4 unique levels and no matter how “good” of a deal you get when trading you just get some coins that have no value at all so there is no reason to play awful game.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'terrible game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 7, 10, 42), 'userName': 'Van Carton'}, {'review': 'To much ads', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Meh', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 14, 46, 57), 'userName': 'Janna1988'}, {'review': 'It is a good game but to many adds', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Sorry', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 13, 23), 'userName': 'polish_glam'}, {'review': 'I’m gonna make this short and simple. to many ads', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 34, 55), 'userName': 'rainbowpuffpop'}, {'review': 'the trading part is fun but it ends so fast then you play all these irrelevant mini game things that are boring and there’s an ad every 10 seconds', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'i meeeeeean', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 5, 50, 19), 'userName': 'SRG Caitlin'}, {'review': 'Nah cause there is way to many ads pls take some awayyy', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Its ok..', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 20, 6, 50), 'userName': 'lovebfor God'}, {'review': 'It’s amazing but I’m so good at this', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I loveee this', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 7, 59, 18), 'userName': 'lovely joudy'}, {'review': 'When I complete every round\nThere is a add', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Too many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 2, 50, 22), 'userName': 'jisnufhdmos'}, {'review': 'To many adds', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'To many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 22, 11, 13), 'userName': 'softball&basketball123456'}, {'review': 'Ok listen up their are to many adds on this game', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'TO MANY ADS.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 17, 41, 26), 'userName': 'imatomboy39'}, {'review': 'I get a game wants money and some ads but after every level? Deleted!', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'ADS ADS ADS', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 19, 17, 58), 'userName': 'sourced Gene bucket'}, {'review': 'Won’t scam people', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'It won’t scammed people in game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 21, 52, 24), 'userName': 'kamkke'}, {'review': 'terrible game bad idea stupid gameplay not fun too many ads', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Dont buy this stupid boring game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 11, 57, 2), 'userName': '9238748392921038'}, {'review': 'Oooh fidget', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fidget make pp hard like brick', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 14, 0, 5), 'userName': 'brian from chrurch'}, {'review': 'The ads its horrible but the game is so good', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Its a good game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 0, 25, 45), 'userName': 'shania112012'}, {'review': 'Way too many ads wouldn’t recommend', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Bad', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 11, 15), 'userName': 'unicorn smart cookie'}, {'review': 'There’s is an no ad button to buy no ads', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 24, 51), 'userName': 'MonsterZ$b'}, {'review': 'Every time y lose or win I get a ad', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'There giving me to much ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 40, 8), 'userName': 'amadorhiper'}, {'review': 'This game is hard to do and it has a commercial about a game with a black woman that’s dressed inappropriately. The game needs to be removed.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Review of game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 17, 35, 42), 'userName': 'RanaMachele'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 23, 32, 11), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'hdjsjjdndjs', 'title': 'Hi', 'review': 'I love this game so much 10/10', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 3, 17, 25), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'hgalvin', 'title': 'Adds', 'review': 'There are wag to many adds, you will complete one single task then there will be an add', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 3, 17, 49), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'lizkoger', 'title': 'Good', 'review': 'It is good but to much adds', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 13, 9), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'fentsgus omar', 'title': 'Fidget game', 'review': '1\\5 everything is great but to many adds in between levels so it’s pretty bad', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 3, 40, 25), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Subgirlbaddie', 'title': 'I don’t like it', 'review': 'I don’t like it cause y’all not letting us do what we wanna do', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 2, 32), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'jxvxnn djb', 'title': 'I love fidget trading', 'review': 'It is the best because I love fidgets', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 0, 2, 37), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'slick gujvgffsdgvfb', 'title': 'To many adds', 'review': 'Not enough fidget variety', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 12, 0, 49), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'maddiepalooza', 'title': 'too many ads', 'review': 'too many ads. there should be an option to buy no ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 17, 13, 6), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'agev revevebgevee', 'title': 'Baddd', 'review': 'It to may adds and you only get to trade a few times', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 21, 45, 32), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'boomerkh', 'title': 'crashed my phone', 'review': 'so many ads and it made me lose like 1 percent of my battery every minute. it also froze my screen when i was gonna delete it so i had to force restart my phone.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 21, 49, 57), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'my name is skye', 'title': 'TO MANY ADS', 'review': 'There is wayayayyayyya to many ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 2, 25, 52), 'rating': 1, 'userName': '36187263/', 'title': 'Bad', 'review': 'Horrible game makes my phone glitch too much', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 13, 38, 5), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Fwoggysarecute', 'title': 'Pretty good', 'review': 'It’s super fun and addicting but a lot of ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 44, 17), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'ceeyenne', 'title': 'decent', 'review': 'lol i saw ur ad on tiktok and i decided to download it. overall it’s pretty good but there is too many ads on the game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 33, 56), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Aliraek', 'title': 'Adds', 'review': 'Way to many but the game is fun', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 19, 25, 7), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'fbthtt', 'title': 'Your game is awesome', 'review': 'I love your gsnr', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 12, 44, 38), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'pk xd is cool', 'title': 'Love it !', 'review': 'Get the game you guys will love it !', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 13, 19, 55), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'FlokiRyBomb', 'title': 'Omg it’s annoying', 'review': 'There are sooo many adds', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 6, 39, 10), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'hepgs oh gs oh', 'title': 'Adds', 'review': 'I hate all the adds😡', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 2, 3, 57), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'fidgethorsegirl', 'title': 'Trash🗑🗑🗑🗑', 'review': 'This is the worst you can’t get no ads and like I just wanna trade so delete this game it’s like getting scammed in the game but with this dang app. \nI HATE IT 🗑👹👹👹👹', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 14, 54, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like it', 'title': 'I love this game it is nice', 'userName': 'ddcgvcdjkifhgf'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 14, 34, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is great just remove the ads coming up every 2 seconds', 'title': 'Good boy ADS', 'userName': 'coraandlexiesdad'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 0, 36, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Too much ads and they make you do a lot more work than fun', 'title': 'Ok', 'userName': 'Gacha life mia jess'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 18, 42, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'There just so much ads', 'title': 'Ads', 'userName': 'anfnald'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 22, 51, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is fun , relaxing, addicting', 'title': 'I love fidgeting', 'userName': 'fidget 12345'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 2, 15, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It wasn’t bad', 'title': 'It’s ok', 'userName': 'Fyfyflogodyduxdduo'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 4, 23, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'To may ads', 'title': 'To many ads', 'userName': 'lilsmokie77'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 12, 25, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s good but just put less adds', 'title': 'Good game', 'userName': 'lilatephany21'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 12, 17, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Way to many ads! I can’t  just enjoy the game!😠', 'title': 'Horrible', 'userName': '..ren..'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 18, 55, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'this game promised me free robux and i was scammed out of my time and money!! 😤😤 i will never play this again and it’s very bad DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME!! 😤😤😤🤬🤬😡 I HATE YOU THIS GAME AND I LOST MY IPHONE CAUSE OF AN AD 😡😤🙄🙄🥱🥱😡😡🤬🤬😶\u200d🌫️😤😤', 'title': 'i hate this game 😤🤬😡', 'userName': 'Anxrew 😇'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 50, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Good game!', 'title': 'Buy the game now!', 'userName': 'maddfgg'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 21, 33, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'there is a game and it’s like a copy but this one you can’t keep the pop its or food it’s not good', 'title': 'BAD', 'userName': 'Allamerican79'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 4, 25, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'there is so mand ads its annoying please change it 😭😭😭', 'title': 'SO MANY ADDS', 'userName': 'ygyhtbgt'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 55, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a great game, just soo many ads', 'title': 'Ads 😬', 'userName': 'jaydloo'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 0, 49, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Fun but it has alot of adds', 'title': 'Fun!', 'userName': 'Elegant Kitten'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 3, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It very good game but everytime you passed a level a ad comes it annoying', 'title': 'Good but no', 'userName': 'uuvivifijgcd cv'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 21, 16, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'U should add like simple dimple', 'title': 'I love it', 'userName': 'kittenso'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 16, 5, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this is just that it has way to many ads', 'title': 'Good but', 'userName': 'unkittylittysnow'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 19, 12, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'To many ads', 'title': 'Stop the ads', 'userName': 'savageaguirre'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 8, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Why is the 7 a different color', 'title': 'Why', 'userName': 'AnnaJohnson71'}, {'title': 'Fidget trading3D', 'userName': 'd by CNN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 6, 31), 'review': 'I love it but the adds', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Adds', 'userName': 'Guiklermo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 21, 38, 20), 'review': 'The adds are inappropriate', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'makes me do stuff i don’t want to do', 'userName': 'Faith1222-', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 0, 20, 22), 'review': 'i downloaded this app so i can trade like those 9 year olds on tiktok but now they got me cutting fruit? i didn’t want to do that but it still makes me do it, on top of that there’s an add like every five seconds', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ads', 'userName': 'Lora3345', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 12, 58, 25), 'review': 'The game is good.. but way too many ads', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Too many adsss', 'userName': 'pipermack1234567', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 6, 59, 20), 'review': 'You don’t get to play just watch adds all day', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Too many ads', 'userName': 'Popyflower10024', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 15, 6), 'review': 'To many ads', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': '.', 'userName': 'bdhxhdujdjnfohid', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 18, 11, 36), 'review': 'I mean like there is a lots of ads but it a good game', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': '2 star', 'userName': 'addy08llfl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 5, 43), 'review': 'To many ads', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'fun but..', 'userName': '123 nowhere lane', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 12, 46, 45), 'review': 'this games is so much fun but the only thing i don’t like is how many adds there is! it’s like i do one round and then add plz fix this', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It’s ok??', 'userName': 'Ariacrazylady68', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 55, 20), 'review': 'The game is ok, it’s just the ads. It’s like the other fidget trading game', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It is ok', 'userName': 'Leilanitoonreeee', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 5, 55), 'review': 'It is fun but there are to many adds', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'TO MANY ADS', 'userName': 'oh ...hi...kk...byee', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 27, 29), 'review': 'the game is fun but there are WAAAY TOO MANY ADS I would enjoy ALOT more if there weren’t so many ads', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'yes', 'userName': 'ihavenolifebutilovevory', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 3, 10, 15), 'review': 'i give it 3 stars cuz it’s a ad after every play other and when i tried to skip a ad it froze', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'ADS!', 'userName': 'poodle lover 5/2', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 49), 'review': 'I love the concept of the game but there’s way too many ads. Deleted.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It’s ok but every time your done a game it gives and ad', 'userName': 'tom_holland_wifeyy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 21, 50, 58), 'review': 'Yea-', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'TO a MANY ADDS', 'userName': 'LULU_9996', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 22, 16, 32), 'review': 'After every levels there’s a long add some I can’t skip so dumb a', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ok', 'userName': 'hola mw dora', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 21, 23, 8), 'review': 'I don’t want to talk about the amount of adds in this game!', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'bruh', 'userName': 'trap dealer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 4, 6, 28), 'review': 'there are way too many ads, and you get to trade like once every 5 minutes, all the others are popping bubbles with is satisfying for like the first 2 seconds', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Adds', 'userName': 'kkgdvmkfcv', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 16, 11, 44), 'review': 'I hate all the adds it’s so annoying', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Screw this game', 'userName': 'Mattbobburd', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 16, 11, 22), 'review': 'Shame on who ever made this way too many ads', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'GREAT', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 22, 10, 44), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'egdvsbgfhfd', 'review': 'I am 56💁 an enjoy the game very much 😩💁😏😒', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'WAY TO MANY ADDS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 57, 32), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'The_Queen 101 $$$', 'review': 'It’s a fun game but way to many ADDS need to  be less', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Yo much ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 3, 12, 15), 'rating': 1, 'userName': '5ejii??neji', 'review': 'They pop every were they wanna make me uninstall', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 15, 8, 48), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'CommandRock(L)22', 'review': 'There is an add in between every trade it’s pretty annoying', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ad frenzy with no trading', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 9, 52, 44), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'uchiha-Landon', 'review': 'Wouldn’t go one level without an ad', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Terrible', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 19, 46, 43), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'hshshdhdncc', 'review': 'The app makes me watch ads when I press no thanks!😡😡😡😡', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'No trading', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 17, 51, 29), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Guineapiglover101', 'review': 'You barley even get to trade, all it is is just spinning wheels and mini games and you barley even fidget trade, ugh.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'This is a very good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 15, 34, 23), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'yvycxcg', 'review': 'This game is so fun🤩', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': '2-5', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 47, 2), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'wjgzkanakbxhd', 'review': 'There are to many adds', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Toys', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 59, 54), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'thepig98', 'review': 'Fun but loads of adds :)', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Too many adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 14, 35, 5), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'spagan08', 'review': 'Too manny add :(', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It is good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 57, 6), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'nowolife', 'review': 'Its ok but it has long amounts of ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Trash to many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 8, 1), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'hb NBC c', 'review': 'Trash to many ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Best game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 23, 30), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'jay_mak12345678', 'review': 'The game is so fun love it so much yay', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 42, 37), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'I just for memed', 'review': 'Good game but most of it isn’t trading like the title says and there’s an ad every 1-3 levels', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Follow my tiktok it’s : braceface021', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 1, 4, 25), 'rating': 5, 'userName': '2braceface', 'review': 'This game bussin bussin', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Too many adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 19, 39, 45), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'bacon barbie', 'review': 'There’s a add after every level!! So NOT but', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'So hard', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 46, 5), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'gnfhghghggjy', 'review': 'So many adds please make no adds', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 17, 18, 8), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'foxy foxy !!', 'review': 'This has sooooo many adds  not fun at alll do not get this app', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Stop ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 12, 16, 49), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'ariexxx', 'review': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 20, 13, 56), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nhdgfhsjhg', 'title': 'Mg opinion', 'review': 'This game is amazing I love it'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 18, 44), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mccleaj33', 'title': 'Ads ads ads', 'review': 'So many ads you can’t play'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 0, 19, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Hudieidhs', 'title': 'Eh', 'review': 'Too Many adds'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 2, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rfsggthndaqqAwsxefvbkknkplmnbh', 'title': 'Adddddddds', 'review': 'The ads are so not dare to much ads'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 0, 40, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'I love roblox yass', 'title': '1 star guys', 'review': 'Too many adds what kind of game IS THIS JUNK DONT GET THIS GAME you can’t even scam. I would do 0 stars but you can at LEAST TRADE.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 21, 42, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Daftufhj', 'title': 'Inappropriate Ads for 4+', 'review': 'Not a bad game but the ads are inappropriate for young children.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 0, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GIF GOD', 'title': 'Pop it', 'review': 'Best game for streees relief'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 3, 8, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'daisy.@1245', 'title': 'To many adds stop it', 'review': 'It makes me not wanna play'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 22, 51, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'macemodegaming', 'title': 'Cheap', 'review': 'The first ad was for the same game!!!😡'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 25, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'UVaML', 'title': 'Inappropriate ads', 'review': 'Very inappropriate ads for kids.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 3, 16, 31), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PlagueAzazel', 'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'Too many'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 3, 12, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'watermealon surger h', 'title': 'PLAY THIS APP IF YOU LIKE FIGETS', 'review': 'YOU ALL SHOULD GET THE APP OF YOU LIKE POP ITS AND OTHER FIGETS YOU WILL BE SO HAPPY WHEN YOU GET THIS GAME  YOU WILL BE IN HEAVEN JUST RELAXING TO THE POPING NOISE SO CALM REALLY LOUD AND CALM SO COME GET THE APP HURRY TO GET THE APP ALSO RUSH TO GET YOUR FIGETS QUICKLY HURRY \n-get the app if you like figets and trading'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 19, 31, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nanaland777', 'title': 'ADS STOPPP', 'review': 'plz take away the ads I can not even play the game everytime they cancel trade “ Ad” everytime done trade “Ad” LIKE STOP PLZ ITS SO MANY AND I RLY LIKE TO TRADEING FIDGET TOYS SOO PLZ TALE THEM OUT!!!???'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 17, 30, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fgxgtdysgchd', 'title': 'Weird adds', 'review': 'WHY did this game have such weird adds'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 18, 28, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'your local trash bin', 'title': ':/', 'review': 'You need to get rid of the minigames, it should just be fidget trading.'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 11, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'swaggyally', 'title': 'Rate', 'review': 'To many ads'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 21, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Addî', 'title': 'This HAS SO MANY VIDEOS!', 'review': 'This is a really fun game but there’s is so many videos.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 33, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jajahaheowhavsg', 'title': 'Your need less ads plz', 'review': 'Plz less ads'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 18, 14, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'taco animals', 'title': 'Review', 'review': 'To many adds after every trade an add pops up app is deleted.'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 15, 46, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nya9772783838388374746615', 'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'Why are their so many ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 21, 7, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'h-hey lol did you know that bad habits lead to late nights ending alone 😨', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'simple dimple pop it squish', 'userName': 'sophiakatkawaii'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 14, 42, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Wayyy too many ads. Deleting now', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Ads', 'userName': 'bmcb9'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 4, 56, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After Every mini game there is an add', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Wayyy to many adds', 'userName': 'mcLover29'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 1, 11, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is filled with adds and it kicks me out of the game this game is trash', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'To many add', 'userName': 'PWR_LACHY_22'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 12, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love this', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'You', 'userName': 'pppppppoooooooyyyyuyy'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 6, 46, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Fix this please', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'I like this but not the black screen', 'userName': 'Mia Amezquita 🤦🏼\u200d♀️'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 11, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I LOVE THIS GAME also in irl me and my sis fidget trade too', 'rating': 5, 'title': '🐱🐱', 'userName': 'Lulu𓄁★☻'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 19, 24, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'NO NOT GREAT!! to many ads like what’s the point?!!? Also some ads look through your information sooooo BAD GAME LIKE IM UPSET 😭', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Wow great game...', 'userName': 'HorseLoverBella🐴🐴'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 4, 49, 8), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Are you homophobic because on one level I have to scrape a board with a rainbow heart', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Caught in 4K', 'userName': 'nvhcunidvcihdnchvhindfvjnikj'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 21, 23, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So I got the game', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good but…', 'userName': 'hdjehebebdndbdhw'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 57, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'review': '.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Too many ads', 'userName': 'kitty_me_11'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 18, 7, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s so boring but the only thing cool is that you can win prizes', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Hi', 'userName': 'Ragnarironside'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 13, 18, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'game made me punch my wall way too many ads at least put where you can buy no ads.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'l', 'userName': 'randabanna'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 14, 7, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'so i was playing this game and id get scamed', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'read this', 'userName': 'hwifheojeejjekekekw'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 9, 40, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like and not like the game but it good', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'I  not like it bc i got stuck on the fourth level !', 'userName': 'i love this gale 🤪'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 23, 35, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I want the whole game to be just the trading not anything else', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Meh', 'userName': 'HOG🐖'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 18, 24, 33), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Lots of ads like  1 after each game .', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Game is bad', 'userName': 'saylasayla'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 5, 25, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is cool and all but it has way to many ADDS', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'To many adds', 'userName': '🦋🦋🦋🤣🦋🤣🤣'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 3, 46, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'you get ads like every second', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'to many ads.', 'userName': 'Shhwbanndnacn'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 44, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Lots of ads never letting me do what i want. I feel very offended! This is', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Bad', 'userName': '90s...bbg'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Really amzing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 17, 4, 11), 'title': 'Amazing app!', 'userName': 'HoeWithBeetlejuice'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Way to many adds going to delete', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 54, 52), 'title': 'NO MORE ADDS', 'userName': 'KIRSTEN❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': "There's so many ad I hate ads", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 20, 15), 'title': 'I hate this so much im deleting', 'userName': 'jjkkhhggffddssaaqqwewerrttyyu'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Every time I touch the screen there’s an ad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 37, 36), 'title': 'TOO MANY ADS', 'userName': 'sjhdndhd'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'the title doesn’t represent the game and there’s so many ads !!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 22, 6, 5), 'title': 'so many ads', 'userName': 'xkittywest'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'There is way to many adds and I hate it also I don’t like the game WORST FIDGET GAME EVER', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 2, 12, 55), 'title': 'Too many adds', 'userName': 'hfnfbf'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'i would prefer if the game was just fidget trading without these other levels', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 16, 41, 36), 'title': 'decent', 'userName': 'karanotfound'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'unplayable due to too many ads. you get one ad almost every minute. sometimes more.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 13, 45, 10), 'title': 'too many ads', 'userName': 'Tacoluv3r'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Lots of adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 16, 53, 4), 'title': 'It’s ok', 'userName': 'kohfdfjb'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'To many adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 50, 31), 'title': 'So much adds', 'userName': 'tomminit'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'FR EVERY SINGLE ONE THINg THERE is so many adds!!!!!!!!!!!!! It’s a good game but there is adds everthing you do there is always such a long add😡', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 33, 4), 'title': 'SO MANY ADDS', 'userName': 'LIKE WHAT OMG'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Well I like it but there is not that much trading', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 2, 35, 20), 'title': 'I phew things', 'userName': 'yesssssssss sirrrrrrrrrrrrr'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Too many ads, that’s it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 15, 55, 40), 'title': 'Fidget trading 3D', 'userName': '#1lafan'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'To many adds not even fun 😐', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 11, 29, 52), 'title': 'Adds', 'userName': 'samanrhs12321464'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'im not a huge fan of fidgets, but this game looked fun. and it is kinda fun, BUT THE ADS ARE SO ANNOYING OMG', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 37, 50), 'title': 'omg the ads', 'userName': 'drag0nprotector'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'So many adds and none is trading', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 20, 37, 41), 'title': 'Trashy', 'userName': '🥶🥵🍓'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 23, 55, 23), 'title': 'Trading game', 'userName': 'seeaft'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'i cant even play for 5 seconds without there being an ad and it’s soooo annoying so i deleted it.😒😒😒😒', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 8, 37, 10), 'title': 'too many ads', 'userName': 'heiffoenjn'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'To much adds this game is trash', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 20, 14, 1), 'title': 'Adds', 'userName': 'jdjwiwm s'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'they literally do nothing. like no store or anything. why am i sitting through ads for extra coins that are useless', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 23, 12, 7), 'title': 'the coins', 'userName': 'remy_the_rat_'}, {'title': 'Its the best', 'review': 'It’s just the best', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 17, 42, 27), 'userName': 'hrkidjgidirjjfjcjcu'}, {'title': 'I like it', 'review': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 23, 36, 36), 'userName': 'Autumni8966547790213'}, {'title': 'eh', 'review': 'it’s good but too much ads it gets very annoying', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 20, 30, 17), 'userName': 'jenniferrebeles'}, {'title': 'Nice', 'review': 'Best thing', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 17, 24, 32), 'userName': '🥺😡🙄🙄'}, {'title': 'I didn’t love it', 'review': 'To many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 8, 15, 3), 'userName': 'ttndkkx'}, {'title': 'way too many ads', 'review': 'i was trying to play the game but after every level there was an ad.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 38, 30), 'userName': 'ur mom 😟😛😭😀'}, {'title': 'T', 'review': 'It has way to meny adds and it is not the real game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 1, 13, 46), 'userName': 'Smithlady1221'}, {'title': 'Worst', 'review': 'The game dose not do what it dose in the Ads to many ads don’t download', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 19, 9, 31), 'userName': 'KellyOye'}, {'title': 'I hope you choke on a pebble', 'review': 'I hope you granny cane snap', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 1, 59, 48), 'userName': "Mitsuri's#1Simp"}, {'title': 'good but lots of ads', 'review': 'its very good but i get ads after i play a round', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 2, 3, 46), 'userName': 'LaMexMama'}, {'title': 'VIRUS', 'review': 'I got the app and a few seconds in it lagged my whole iPad and nothing loaded. This app is garbage DO NOT DOWNLOAD', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 1, 0, 50), 'userName': 'Foxx1818'}, {'title': 'absolutely amazing', 'review': "this game is so cool it's like i trade in real life!!", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 20, 53, 40), 'userName': 'my dudes bye'}, {'title': 'TO MANY ADDS', 'review': 'I like the game but after every level i get an add', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 4, 43, 45), 'userName': 'ꨄꨄ❦❦'}, {'title': 'Trash', 'review': 'Literally every second there’s an ad 👨🏼\u200d🦲✋🏼', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 9, 41), 'userName': 'Jacksonc24'}, {'title': '⚡️', 'review': 'I love fidget toys this game fits me sooo welll', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 10, 51, 10), 'userName': 'ariantor_🥺💕'}, {'title': 'Uhm', 'review': 'What do you do with the money!?!?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 16, 36, 19), 'userName': 'April41111'}, {'title': 'good', 'review': 'too many ads other than that it’s a great game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 8, 10, 3), 'userName': 'sierra8642'}, {'title': 'TERRIBLE', 'review': 'So I Thought I Would’ve been able to scam or get scammed but nooooo the ads ALWAYS lie so this is GARBAGE', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 53, 3), 'userName': 'slash f forces cvbbh'}, {'title': 'Add’s', 'review': 'There are to many adds! The game is ok otherwise but might delete bc of ADD’S', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 12, 41), 'userName': 'Purp 💜💜'}, {'title': "It's boring", 'review': 'All you do is trade fidgets and play  with them', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 6, 1, 44), 'userName': 'perfet but more updates'}, {'userName': 'gxhb fncb bchr', 'review': 'I’m trading Legendary orange pop it ⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Trading', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 19, 50, 15)}, {'userName': 'youngbxa', 'review': 'quit putting ads every 5 seconds', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'too many ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 7, 3, 19)}, {'userName': 'Nellie the quick', 'review': 'I can’t download app pls help', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'CANT download', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 1, 22, 0, 5)}, {'userName': 'Madspet', 'review': 'It’s ok the game is calm', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I like it', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 22, 54, 36)}, {'userName': 'adoptmefandontgetscam:D', 'review': 'It really fun', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 19, 12, 5)}, {'userName': 'cjdndjdjehbf', 'review': 'good game but WAY too many ads.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'sjdjdjdj', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 19, 55, 6)}, {'userName': '🙁😄🍰🍦🍨😜🍰😐🍰😄🖕🏻', 'review': 'It’s a scam it’s trying to get you to buy there stuff DONT GeT IT🥺🥺\nIt’s a scam', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Don’t get it', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 19, 7, 48)}, {'userName': 'sbd nshs. js', 'review': 'This game is fun but it haves to much ads so I give it a 1 out of 5', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not that good', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 1, 16, 17)}, {'userName': 'just a sad rat like yeesh', 'review': 'Horrible game with lots of inappropriate ads', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 8, 32, 52)}, {'userName': 'Jordyns mom', 'review': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I loVe it', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 23, 22)}, {'userName': 'UnibornPrinbess', 'review': 'Can’t even spend ur coins', 'isEdited': False, 'title': ':(', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 20, 50, 8)}, {'userName': 'jdjskskss', 'review': 'Ugly', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 51, 11)}, {'userName': 'Tina/im tiana)', 'review': 'Why do I not have the TIE-DYE Fidgets?', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'About Fidget treads!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 18, 51, 39)}, {'userName': 'foxycoolhirl', 'review': 'It as soooooo many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Don’t like it', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 17, 40, 24)}, {'userName': 'Ysabella Mantana', 'review': 'This app had a ad every second I played. It was sooo stupid 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ADDS😡', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 19, 42, 40)}, {'userName': 'min yoongi is my current mood', 'review': 'Almost all of the gam is random minigamez! I want to trade FIDGETS!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cant even trade', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 13, 9, 8)}, {'userName': 'banana-ooh-na-na', 'review': '(Sorry this review is super long and sounds like an essay 😅)\n\nOkay so, let me preface this by saying, I downloaded this game completely as a joke and I do not support little kids who don’t have mental illness using fidgets “just for fun” because they’re “satisfying”. I know you’re just trying to keep up with the trends to make kids get the app and it’s not such a bad thing (sales wise), but I have some literal critiques and ideas. \n\nIf you want to make people download your app, you have to listen to them. The only reviews currently on here are about how many ads play throughout the game and I do agree that having an ad after every round is tiring. But, If you changed the game to include less ads, the reviews won’t always talk about them therefore causing more people to get your game. I understand that you need the ads to make money but, seriously, they’re annoying. \n\nNow, the gameplay isn’t too bad and the graphics aren’t as bad as others but, it seems to get repetitive and boring. I know that it’s just a silly mobile game but, I still feel like mobile games should be fun. I know that my little cousin would love this game, so I’m sure it might be fun for others but, right now it just isn’t the best it could be. Though, I do enjoy that it’s not always the same thing like, sometimes you get to pop a fidget instead of trading the same things over and over again. But I have one question,, what does c*tting fruit have to do with fidgets? 🤔\n\n(TL;DR)\n In conclusion, this game isn’t the best but, I know some people would enjoy it. If you’re just a random person wondering if they should download the game, I say go for it! (But be aware of the ads)', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I know this is just some silly mobile game but.. 😬', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 34, 4)}, {'userName': 'mckaylas review', 'review': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Mckayla', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 15, 46, 52)}, {'userName': 'The_0nly.Yani', 'review': 'I seen a male private part in a pop it form in the ad, please be careful!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'NASTY!!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 23, 28, 22)}, {'userName': 'ashyC91', 'review': 'I hate this game so much it dotn Let me trade wit over peopel for awhile and too many adds and IF YOU DONT REMOVE THAT GAME SCAMMER I WILL GIVE AL THE GAMES YOU MADE 1 STAR STUPID', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Rate it 1 star', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 1, 12, 40)}, {'userName': 'habjsb', 'review': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 41, 53)}, {'userName': 'antidisinstablishmentarianism', 'review': 'I thought the game would be like just trading and an add every 3 rounds and it would be fun but THE AMOUNT OF ADDS ARE ABNOXSHOUS AND YOU HAVE TO POP FIDGETS TO', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Luke', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 10, 58)}, {'userName': 'badasshailey', 'review': 'Add them adds need to go people tryna to play', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ADS', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 22, 8)}, {'userName': "you'll never know.", 'review': 'Wo many adds and it barely gives you good fidgets', 'isEdited': False, 'title': "Eh it's ok", 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 15, 1)}, {'userName': 'wrhfhrndndnficnthsirbthefdkcbg', 'review': 'THIS GAME IS TERRIBLEEEE DONT SPEND YOUR TIME GETTING IT THERE IS ADS AFTER ADS AMD ITS SO ANNOYING AND YOU BARELY DO ANY TRADING YOU PLAY THESE MINI GAMES AND ITS JUST UGHHHH AND LIKE THE AD FOR THIS GAME IS PURE LIES IT SAYS U GET TO SEE WHATS INSIDE THE AIRPODS OR PHONE OR SOMETHING AND YOU OPEN IT AMD IT EITHER SAYS SCAM WITH A STICKY NOTE OR YLU ACTUALLY GOT A PHONE THATS THE REASON WHY I BOUGHT THE GAME IT SEEMED SO MUCH FUN BUT NO ITS THE WORST GAME😡😡😡😡anyways have a good day😇😇PEACE ✌️', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'MUST READ', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 1, 43, 3)}, {'userName': 'Zoekaye101', 'review': 'Great game UwU', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Read this', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 14, 37, 18)}, {'userName': 'raeann mae ackerman', 'review': 'there is literally an ad after every single level', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'trash', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 41, 4)}, {'userName': '__its____meeey', 'review': 'the game is alright but it is ad after ad after as and it makes the game not fun', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'okay', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 19, 3, 26)}, {'userName': 'Biscuit Doggy', 'review': "i tried playing it, but there's an add every round, i'd give it 0 stars if possible, don't recommend this", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'terrible', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 12, 10)}, {'userName': 'mridgdi', 'review': 'Coco', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Eres tu fan es fan de tela champán Super Falldown de SAP Please', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 20, 40, 35)}, {'userName': 'nice game its great', 'review': 'This game is horrible but it’s super cool (needs work)', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'WorK', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 0, 19, 7)}, {'userName': 'poop face nugget nose', 'review': 'Help me', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 19, 54, 17)}, {'userName': 'zoealcoser', 'review': 'there is an add every level you pass and if you open the game it gives me an add.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'to much adds', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 8, 19)}, {'userName': 'Debri_miranda', 'review': 'So many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 20, 43, 56)}, {'userName': 'nockopn', 'review': 'Gam it', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Best game is got a pine polar and Ali', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 23, 21, 32)}, {'userName': 'MJA🤩', 'review': 'So many ads omg', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'So many ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 13, 58, 9)}, {'userName': 'Simplivana', 'review': 'This game is amazing', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This game is amazing', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 1, 8, 47)}, {'userName': 'Princess princess sweet face', 'review': 'Nope not good at all so mine adds awful', 'isEdited': False, 'title': '🤢🤢', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 16, 43, 49)}, {'userName': 'k no one caref', 'review': 'bruh there are too many ads HELP .', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ohemjee', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 16, 27, 2)}, {'userName': 'wee wee baguiette', 'review': 'bad game i just wanted to trade the pop it’s and now i have to do all these stupid mini games and the ads are dumb', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'bad', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 5, 34, 32)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rico2463', 'review': 'this game is the best no further review.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'this is great', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 14, 36, 21)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LindaLinduh', 'review': 'LITERALLY GAME AFTER GAME THERES LIKE 3 ADS and the games r like less than 30 seconds long', 'rating': 1, 'title': '2many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 6, 46, 56)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'djdhhedvdfsvsfsvgs', 'review': 'Their is LITTERALLY ads EVERY 10s. Like after EVERYEVERL YOU COMPLETE THEIR IS ADS! Don’t waste your time on this stupid pathetic game.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'What the', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 35, 52)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hudidjdjfj', 'review': 'It is the worst adds after Avery trade and I just hate the game', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Eeew', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 24, 14)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SpongeBob_is_the_life_', 'review': 'the game is really fun but all the ads make it so frustrating', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'so many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 19, 36, 5)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'babahshsvshsb', 'review': 'To much adds', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'J', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 0, 25)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '🍙🍜🍤🍝🍚🍦🍢🍱🍛', 'review': 'too many ads', 'rating': 2, 'title': '😔', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 26, 3)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Calexandria0722', 'review': 'th reason i dont like this app that much theres soooo many ads and there like 5mins🙄🙄', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'i dont like this apo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 20, 19)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ariannayesqueen9', 'review': 'It has so much ads and it says add a lot 😐', 'rating': 1, 'title': '😐', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 7, 40)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'yes but no its tye ads', 'review': 'the game is awesome but the ads ruin the game i’m only on level 3 and i already had 2 ads', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'the game is good but', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 18, 7, 11)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'tmva', 'review': 'Amazing game', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Awesome  game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 21, 54, 1)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'OMG just send it!', 'review': 'To many adds bye bye game', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Add', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 16, 10)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jsnsnsksmns', 'review': 'The game was ok but way to many adds', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'The game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 13, 23, 58)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GraveDroney', 'review': 'good game but there’s an ad every 30 seconds', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'too many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 8, 31, 16)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'its good,But...', 'review': 'Ok it’s a good game but after every level it’s a add.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'TO MUCH ADDS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 56, 17)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dortnite cards', 'review': 'I like it but it is to many ads', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'WAY TO MANY ADSSS', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 54, 1)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cooikegurl', 'review': 'I love I', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'It good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 20, 53, 51)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fhajndnc fm', 'review': 'It’s ok but it’s not what I thought it would be', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Oof', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 20, 58, 18)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Omar Magallanes', 'review': 'máster price. Sam..', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 51, 59)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '..Kokichi..', 'review': 'This app is booty. Just booty. Smells like booty. So many adds. I got a weird add. Booty', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Booty', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 5, 12, 50)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 19, 30, 15), 'title': 'Yamel Gallegos', 'userName': 'yanel gallegos'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'just don’t get it', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 15, 53, 16), 'title': 'one word… BAD', 'userName': '1223456899997531'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'there are ads in this game every 10 seconds. IT RUINS THE GAME. PUT LESS ADS IN THE GAME', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 0, 29, 34), 'title': 'TOO MANY ADVERTISEMENTS', 'userName': 'a player of dis'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'to many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 8, 3, 35), 'title': 'adds', 'userName': 'zyxshwwpnbbvczAsdfhhjlp'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'too many ads like bruh', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 4, 20, 45), 'title': 'ugh', 'userName': 'Angies.wrld'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'too much adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 23, 50), 'title': 'adds', 'userName': 'PoopOnTRUmp'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'The best game Ever!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 14, 13, 25), 'title': 'Best game ever!', 'userName': 'Nora gosse.'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 37, 33), 'title': 'Ove it', 'userName': 'the game is rilly fun fuffufuf'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'basically the title', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 5, 14, 26), 'title': 'too many ads :(', 'userName': 'xbdndhhjejwejeie'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'y’all make a game outta anything now 😭', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 28, 22), 'title': 'balls', 'userName': 'bsirbdb e s d'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'To much ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 35, 2), 'title': 'To much', 'userName': 'ratonyon'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': ':)', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 21, 0, 48), 'title': 'don’t waste your time with this stupid cash grab', 'userName': '🎩🔮📿⚰️🚬🪓🪦🏺'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'Ok, 1st TO MANY add’s! This NEEDS to STOP! I don’t like this game !', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 18, 22, 15), 'title': 'This game has to many add’s!!!', 'userName': 'sooo sus'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'WAY TO MANY ADDS', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 17, 25, 12), 'title': 'Horrible', 'userName': 'aubreythegamer'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game poopy so I can’t eat it 😥😥😥', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 16, 0, 2), 'title': 'This game poops so I can’t eat it', 'userName': 'poops1234567890'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'I hate the adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 15, 50), 'title': 'Ugh mind ur bussnies', 'userName': 'himpls'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'ads every two seconds. don’t get it.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 21, 58), 'title': 'bad', 'userName': 'computers r annoying'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'too much ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 10, 9, 54), 'title': 'stop', 'userName': 'meganthecatgurl'}, {'rating': 1, 'review': 'To many adds', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 21, 3), 'title': 'Fidget trading', 'userName': 'f de nhd'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'the game itself it’s good but there is to much ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 4, 52, 36), 'title': 'the game', 'userName': 'Shockey123132'}, {'title': 'Good game', 'userName': 'hevly mother', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Awesome game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 20, 18, 8)}, {'title': 'ads', 'userName': 'vanesssa guzman', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'there are so many ads it’s so annoying', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 3, 2)}, {'title': 'grrr', 'userName': 'ineedhintsplz0617', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'how do i scam people', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 18, 10, 39)}, {'title': '☹️', 'userName': 'Vtgvhhbnubhgg', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'They took away the trading...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 3, 23, 51)}, {'title': 'Its so bad', 'userName': 'Nruto 22', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "to many  ad's", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 50, 15)}, {'title': 'Fak u', 'userName': 'nucolo man bapuss', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Too many ads 😠', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 15, 16)}, {'title': 'to many ads.', 'userName': 'lmaoplz', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'way to much ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 39, 12)}, {'title': 'Awsome🤩🤩🤩', 'userName': 'prorw', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game it is awsome🤩🤩🤩', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 20, 15, 7)}, {'title': 'ads', 'userName': 'kenn1026', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'way to many ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 43, 49)}, {'title': 'It is good', 'userName': 'give me robux or Else', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It is sooooo fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 16, 3, 39)}, {'title': '💁🏽', 'userName': 'Catolina 🐡', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'so many ads r u this broke to add an add every time 😐', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 6, 3, 24)}, {'title': 'Scam!', 'userName': 'HayroIsHere', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is a huge scam. Do not download!!! Very unsatisfied.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 20, 33, 3)}, {'title': 'My op', 'userName': 'randonm stranger', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'To many ads 💀', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 6, 50, 3)}, {'title': 'thanj yiu', 'userName': 'rubyshsnjsdnndjfjsjdjdkdh he', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'this cured my depression', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 0, 13, 35)}, {'title': 'good but….', 'userName': 'Raspberry Apple Gaming', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'its good but theres wayyyyy to many ads!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 21, 4)}, {'title': 'too many ads lol', 'userName': 'Sag Sag Snacks', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'too many ads lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 22, 44, 50)}, {'title': 'app', 'userName': 'zoeyyyyyyyyyyyyyt', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'love it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 2, 3, 6)}, {'title': 'Pop it’s', 'userName': 'Jesus is a mini guide in God', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s the best', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 21, 28, 28)}, {'title': 'add', 'userName': 'litphandom', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "to many ads don't want to play", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 6, 15, 9)}, {'title': 'Nice', 'userName': 'keilo and kai', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love it :b', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 7, 51, 45)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It so good I love it wooowww😻😻😻', 'title': 'Wow', 'userName': 'navy sis 101', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 50, 59)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Don’t download', 'title': 'Dumb', 'userName': 'belladonna46', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 19, 23, 50)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'ayo bruh i want the sussy among us toy air pod shawty BTS happy meal fidget but it’s not in the game???!???', 'title': 'bruh', 'userName': "nagito's wife", 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 9, 48, 33)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'OMG ITS THE BEST GAME LOTS OF FIDGET TOYS AND A NOT MUCH ADDS NOTHING I WANT THEM TO FIX BC ITS PERFECT GAME LOVE IT SM GET THIS GAMEE!! OH AND IF U PLAY ROBLOX THEN FRIEND ME MY USER IS iiqt_soph', 'title': '🏝BEST GAME🏝', 'userName': 'sophiq goldennnnnnnnnnn', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 26, 53)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Bad game', 'title': 'Dont download', 'userName': 'very god person', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 0, 52, 34)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Bad game', 'title': 'Just no', 'userName': 'No12354739', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 0, 0, 3)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Too much add like bro chill', 'title': 'Yeah', 'userName': 'justice for khaledddddd', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 17, 52, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'tooooo manyy adds', 'title': 'too many adds', 'userName': 'hahskdnakalalslak', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 37, 52)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'TOO MANY ADS', 'title': 'I hate it', 'userName': 'if Allen', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 2, 18, 37)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'THE AMOUNT OF ADDS. OMG.', 'title': 'Adds adds adds', 'userName': 'Jay Jean', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 18, 26)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'WAY TO MANY ADS', 'title': 'To many adds', 'userName': 'sksksksksgirl', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 18, 16, 44)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Horibal', 'title': 'TO MAnY aDDs', 'userName': '𓆉⚠︎︎', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 20, 30, 30)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Hi I’m Adrian', 'title': 'coool', 'userName': 'hfSzmOsHxisnHsI', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 22, 5, 15)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'why so many adds 😐.', 'title': 'yes', 'userName': 'yana2raw', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 8, 9, 10)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'she was a fricking little scammer and scammed me for my iphone.', 'title': 'no', 'userName': 'fat little kids smell', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 7, 7, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is trash', 'title': 'Trash', 'userName': 'gxjrjfuc', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 0, 18, 42)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'And cool', 'title': 'It is satafiying', 'userName': 'piperpecachu', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 20, 31, 25)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The best game', 'title': 'Hi', 'userName': 'mommy and love', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 2, 54, 30)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': '.m', 'title': 'This game is crap', 'userName': 'Crowematic', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 12, 58, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'THERE ARE WAY TO MANY ADS OMG', 'title': 'Way to many ads', 'userName': 'dont ever get this dumb game', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 21, 32, 26)}, {'review': 'So fun 🤩', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 1, 33, 57), 'userName': 'Prego41time', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Omg'}, {'review': '❤️', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 59, 41), 'userName': 'tfdbtyy', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love you guys ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️'}, {'review': 'Cool game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 2, 6, 8), 'userName': 'coolkid77729473', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Pog'}, {'review': 'Bad game :( i wanted among us in real lofe but they gave me air pods instead 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🇫🇮😭🇫🇮😭🇺🇬😊🐻🇷🇸😂😊😂😩🧂😤😂🤜🇺🇬😩😂🤜😎😡😡', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 11, 16), 'userName': 'YeetYeetSkeetBruh', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bad 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😔😔😔😔'}, {'review': 'TOO MANY ADS', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 21, 21, 1), 'userName': 'Anonymous;&;$:.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads'}, {'review': 'It nice', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 53, 12), 'userName': '👣🧠🦷🙏🦾🦾', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good'}, {'review': 'Hhbh', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 14, 57, 30), 'userName': 'lucy the unicorn', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cool fidget'}, {'review': 'OK IF YOU DOWNLOADED THIS APP AND HATE THE ADS JUST TURN ON AIRPLANE MODE. I TRIED THIS AND EVERY ROUND, NO ADS. IM ALREADY ON LEVEL 100 BECAUSE OF IT! SO TURN ON AIRPLANE MODE!!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 23, 33, 33), 'userName': 'Mackenzie Downing', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'read this rn!!!'}, {'review': 'Very bad', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 31, 49), 'userName': 'yagayatdzfa', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bittadyfacga'}, {'review': 'I DID LIKE THIS APP BUT NOW I DONT THERE IS TO MANY ADS IT FROZE MY IPHONE 12 AND IT IS CURRENTLY STUCK ON MY HOME SCREEN UGH >:(', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 20, 12, 53), 'userName': 'catmeaw XD 😺', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I AM DISAPPOINTED >:('}, {'review': 'Good', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 23, 49, 56), 'userName': 'Daniec25', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good'}, {'review': 'Thee is to much ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 17, 44), 'userName': 'gfghfsfg', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hi'}, {'review': 'Pretty bad', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 12, 50, 54), 'userName': 'TruthFinder109', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Meh'}, {'review': 'PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TUN DOWN THE AMOUNT OF ADS THERE ARE THERE ARE SO ANNOYING ESPECIALLY WHEN IVE SEEN THEM ALOT', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 34, 24), 'userName': 'jazzyjazmin', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'THE ADS'}, {'review': 'I LOVE IT MAKE MORE OF THESE I LOVE IT YOURE THE BEST PEOPLE MAKE MORE SO FUN', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 21, 50, 48), 'userName': 'mamma-2', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'SO AWSOME'}, {'review': 'DO NOT PLAY TUIS GAME AT 3AM DN WILL DIE PLZZZZZ', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 16, 16, 40), 'userName': 'allisson👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'DN DIED WHILE I WAS PLAYING THIS GAME😭😭😭😭😭😭'}, {'review': 'ADS ARE ANNOYING.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 15, 59, 35), 'userName': 'Eli💗', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ads.'}, {'review': 'PLEASE LESS ADS MY GOD SO MANY ADS', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 5, 32, 13), 'userName': 'Jelly Clouds', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'LESS ADS'}, {'review': 'SO MANY ADDS', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 18, 39, 21), 'userName': 'eveyuyvsvsygvugvga', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'BAD'}, {'review': 'WHERES THE REMOVE ADS ADD IT NOW', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 15, 55, 24), 'userName': 'TootsieR0ll', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'TO MANY ADS'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 17, 55, 8), 'title': 'Coool', 'review': 'Love it 😘✌🏾', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'djdkfnfh'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 3, 10, 38), 'title': 'ADS', 'review': 'I HATE ADS WHY IS THERE SO MANY ADS!!?!?!!???!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!!!??!?????', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gacha_Cookiez'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 17, 3, 51), 'title': 'Ads…', 'review': 'THERE ARE TO MANY ADS I-', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '1002sam'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 22, 23, 45), 'title': 'There are to many ads', 'review': 'TOOOO MANNNNYYYYY', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'to mang ads'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 18, 7, 9), 'title': 'ads!', 'review': 'TO MANY AD', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Victoria Lanza 127'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 19, 6, 20), 'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'WAY TO MANY SO BORING BECAUSE OF IT', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hare in bad games'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 15, 34), 'title': 'Too Many Ads', 'review': 'WAYYYYYYY TOO MANY ADS!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pizzalover i love pizza'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 14, 6, 28), 'title': 'Ya', 'review': 'Fun', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'crewbug08'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 5, 49, 17), 'title': 'baka', 'review': 'uwu it’s fun 👉🏼👈🏼🥺 i luvv it hehe anyways bai😍🥰🥺.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'coolgirl_nice'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 19, 33, 20), 'title': 'SOOOOIO SATISFYING', 'review': 'BEST ASMR GAME I LOVE IT ❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘🥰🥰🥰🥰❤️💖😘', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'fhdhshavdxje'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 41, 9), 'title': 'Ally of ene he be', 'review': 'Ennene', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'whatacha'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 8, 16, 59), 'title': 'No', 'review': 'TO MUCH ADS😡😡😡😡😡😡😡', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bryceclark'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 8, 26, 30), 'title': 'Idk', 'review': 'Tiktok', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'luxifyexe'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 19, 14, 45), 'title': 'I LOVE IT', 'review': 'Noa', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'great im addiacted'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 20, 25, 11), 'title': 'Trash', 'review': 'DON’T GET THIS STUPID GAME ABSOLUTELY TRASH', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hyfcvfddg'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 14, 8, 4), 'title': 'ads', 'review': 'WAAAAY TO MANY ADS', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hainenhdoskenhe'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 9, 12, 4), 'title': 'ADDS', 'review': 'SO MANY ADDS', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lola💝'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 23, 0, 4), 'title': 'it stinks', 'review': 'sryslt', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'proofro'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 15, 43, 51), 'title': 'No', 'review': 'ME NO LIKE😡🥵🤬', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jdjdiiejsjdkdidj'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 23, 56, 34), 'title': 'BAD', 'review': 'BAD', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kaggisjhflsosjbdc'}, {'title': 'Trading', 'review': 'BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 25, 21, 17, 19), 'userName': 'vfgg g hv'}, {'title': 'No', 'review': 'No', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 3, 47, 41), 'userName': 'love it bfbfbrfngnfn'}, {'title': 'Yes', 'review': 'Yes hi hi ok yes', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 18, 32, 20), 'userName': 'usbzhj'}, {'title': 'Best fidget app ever', 'review': 'Great app', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 21, 24), 'userName': 'Flavaflav 20'}, {'title': 'I love it', 'review': 'so satisfying', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 16, 8, 10), 'userName': 'naebooty'}, {'title': 'Adds', 'review': '2 many adds', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 2, 40, 51), 'userName': 'ninjahyper101'}, {'title': 'Meh', 'review': 'It’s meh', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 2, 12, 11), 'userName': '[][[[][[[[[[[][[]'}, {'title': 'Traiding', 'review': 'Amazing game', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 16, 8, 26), 'userName': 'MicheleTuckness'}, {'title': 'Taliyah', 'review': 'To many adds', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 2, 7, 10), 'userName': 'sqoud'}, {'title': 'FIGet TRASING', 'review': 'INLO figetvtrading but tgere so kant adds😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🥺🥺🥺😢😢', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 2, 53, 20), 'userName': 'irlobama'}, {'title': 'App', 'review': 'A mi me encanto la app pero lo que no me gusto es que tiene un anuncio después de cada reto que hago y eso no me gusta por qué pasó más tiempo viendo los anuncios que jugando el juego.solo por eso le doy cuatro estrellas pero si tuviera anuncios menos le diera las 5 estrellas.😘', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 34, 45), 'userName': 'papas francesss'}, {'title': '𝕀 𝕝𝕠𝕧𝕖 𝕚𝕥 𝕤𝕠 𝕞𝕦𝕔𝕙', 'review': '(*^o^)人(^o^*)', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 2, 9, 36), 'userName': 'ℍ𝕒𝕝𝕚𝕖'}, {'title': 'Maev loves fidgets', 'review': 'I love fidgets', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 0, 33, 25), 'userName': 'fxrrcvht'}, {'title': 'Ka’nyla', 'review': 'Hi', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 19, 5), 'userName': 'You. Call'}, {'title': 'Yasss', 'review': 'Yass', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 5, 14, 29, 19), 'userName': 'vanni_225'}, {'title': 'Su', 'review': 'Yo much ads', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 7, 9, 33), 'userName': 'nHantsndus sicn'}, {'title': 'Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'review': '200000', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 20, 38, 56), 'userName': '✌🏼😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍'}, {'title': 'Yassssssss', 'review': '10/10', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 21, 7, 2), 'userName': 'LKSMomBoss'}, {'title': 'Fidget trading', 'review': 'I like the game in all but there is WAY TO MUCH ADDS I CANT STAND IT.and all I want to do I trade lol', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 23, 3, 34), 'userName': 'paige..addisonn'}, {'title': 'Boring 😒', 'review': 'Boring game DO NOT DONLOAD it a waste of time boringgggggggggggggggggggboringgggggggggg', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 17, 21, 7), 'userName': 'PeteNLizzy'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Ok', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'inessaysok', 'review': 'Ok\nOk\nOk\nOk\nOk\nOK!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 19, 23, 38)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Follow my TikTok @ihavetomanycelebcrushfp', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'yyyyyyaasaaaasssss', 'review': 'So 1st off they said you could scam people but u can’t and the ads are ridiculous like after you finish on level there’s an ad and then you are in the middle of fidget trading an ad pops up and they need more stuff to trade with (I saw the ad on TikTok btw) but other then that it’s satisfying', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 2, 20, 32, 5)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Most is not trading', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Hannah Bautista', 'review': 'I must say this app is pretty fun but most of it is not trading, it was more of asrm things and fidget related games not trading.Over all it was pretty fun but I though it was all trading.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 0, 34, 8)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Mends', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kakajsjsn', 'review': 'Jejjshdhdjdbsdbdnndbdjdd dnndnendndn', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 0, 12, 58)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good app for kids with no fidgets', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dddddddddjfjfjfjfjjdd', 'review': 'I think this app is good if you have a child who likes fidgets but doesn’t have any. There is different games like it will make you pop a pop it and do other stuff but just know there are ads I am young so I personally love fidgets but if your kids ask for fidgets you can find them in Amazon but you do get to fidget trade! Have a good day!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 15, 2, 53)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Wonderful, but…', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SlytherinChECk', 'review': 'Too many ads! After each level, I get an ad, and there’s so many other levels that don’t even make sense.There’s not many levels where you can ACTUALLY TRADE with the bot, which makes me upset.So I’d like it if you’d be able to upgrade and fix all of these requests', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 0, 3, 32)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Get', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'b o l d', 'review': 'Go sccscscscsgfscsfsfsfs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 15, 32, 17)}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Why don’t play this', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'do. ot play this game', 'review': 'I mean it’s not the best it said for scamming but you can’t scam and every time I want more fidgets so I can actually scam it just says no and there are way way to much ads and some of the things on this game are not even fidget related.so fix it or don’t make it a game and delete it because no one is going to want to play this game when the ad is fake and the game is fake I’ve played better games even though I like fidgets there are way better games than this so I do not recommend if you think it’s going to be a waste of time but if your bored and have no other game to play which you should, then play it but other than that no just no!🤢🤮😕👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻will not be playing again and deleted it I’m not a fan two stars don’t play there is so much ways you can make this way better even YouTubers think this what do you think???😌🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮😅😅😅🥲🤣🙃🙂', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 20, 5, 19, 37)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Don’t', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ظيفوني2041337', 'review': 'I HATE ITTTTTTTTTTTTTT', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 10, 57, 18)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Not good', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'h@te tHiS gAmE', 'review': 'This app is ok… there is literally ads every second.You can’t even play the game. It is terrible. Like I only got to play it ONCE then there was 20 adds!! That is crazy. I will never play this game again. And to think I actually liked this game for like the two minutes that I got to play it. What a shame', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 23, 57, 57)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Pls read', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hiiiytrewdfhgjiujkngtfdedxm.ju', 'review': 'This is a vary good app and game but the thing is that there is to many ads and that the ad only showed the trading and not other things.But other then that it’s still a good game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 5, 37, 42)}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Disappointing', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Avalayne', 'review': 'If you want to fidget trade virtually this is not the app for you. As soon as I got in the app it immediately took me to fidget trading which is normal. The fidget trading part is actually pretty fun except they got a couple things wrong. The worth of different items in this app are not correct. For example you can trade an iPhone for a regular fidget or maybe two regular fidgets and that would be a good trade apparently or they might even not except that. That would just not make any sense. Also in one of the ads or in one of the pictures it says that the person got scammed which I never got in the game. Now onto the part I am most mad and disappointed about. After I completed the level it took me to different separate activities that weren’t even associated with the game. The game title is called fidget trading 3-D I think you all know that. But the game is very different from that. First it took me to popping fidgets which makes sense. It would make sense if that was like a bonus level every time you completed two fidget tradings except that was not the case.After that I got took in to a mini game were you slide your fake finger into a row of pop it’s. After that it took me to several more mini games before I got back to the actual fidget trading. If you don’t want ads you can turn off your Internet or service that’s what I did and I was OK. If they really wanted those mini games they could’ve made a separate app instead of putting them into an app that is completely different than the mini games you’re supposed to play. As far as I know you cannot skip these mini games you have to play them before getting back to the actual game itself. If you were the owner or a worker reading this heres a few things I would change with the app.Delete the other mini games and just keep the fidget trading. I think more people would played your game if you did that also if you changed the Worth of different items in the app it would make more sense. All in all if you’re into different mini games revolving around fidgets or even just random games this game might be for you but if you’re looking into fidget trading app this is not for you I would  just search for a different app that involves fidget trading thank you very much for reading this long review goodbye.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 3, 14, 43)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'What do u do with the money', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'boo stop', 'review': 'I have $209563 and what do I do with it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 17, 46, 48)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'One thing…', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sophie❤️🥺💕', 'review': 'Hello to the creator!I wanted to say this game is so amazing.But the only thing is that the ads!There are to many please put less ads it makes the game lass fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 4, 59, 35)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Sad', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bakebews', 'review': 'This game made me so sad and i got so sad and angry i poopied ): stuid game scam me and take all my money for me to only poop 😢😢😭🥺😶\u200d🌫️😓😶', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 13, 4, 24, 36)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'WHY JUST WHY!?!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ellisahr234', 'review': 'THE AMOUT OF ADS IS UNPREDICTABLE!!! AND NO DONT ASK ME TO BUY YOUR “uwu buy out no ads pass for 15.99$ uwu!” NO DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 23, 20, 49)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Hxjxjxj', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lan 58&(42', 'review': 'Ndnsnsbdbbd', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 0, 50, 9)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Way to many adds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'trying to find a nikname', 'review': '!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 22, 37, 58)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Ehh', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cHickkan nugget n', 'review': 'I do really like this game, but I think there’s too many ads.Also after you trade you start playing with pop it’s which I feel is weird. I feel the fidgets you get, should be able to choose when we want to play with them or not. Otherwise it’s fun!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 18, 46, 24)}, {'rating': 1, 'title': 'Boring', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'steph01927', 'review': 'Needs improvement you cant really pick quick toys you want to trade.The game just picks them for you.Adding to that there’s an ad after every level/trade.Im deleting it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 18, 16, 32)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pandacub_355364', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love fidgets I have a lot and I love to fidget trade irl.this game is fun.even though there is so many adds idc!and that’s why I rate it a 5 ,if u want fidgets u can get some on amazon,learning express, and more.  hope u like my review!❤️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 2, 46, 15), 'title': 'Awesome'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Blm Acab Smith III', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'so fab', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 7, 31, 9), 'title': 'so bmfav'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kayla a friendly kid', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'i like this game! i think it would be better if it didnt have so many ads though.other than that this game is really cool!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 21, 48, 22), 'title': 'Ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ava Smith 1267339', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I said to myself I want to try something new and came across this game.I downloaded it and I liked it,the first round was good then I kept playing and it was so many ads. I was angry,It was unbelievable and I had deleted the game I’m disgusted by this game I will no longer play this terrible game.Do better please because it’s not so good right now.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 17, 18, 34), 'title': 'To many ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kdmddjjdjdjdjd', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I loveeeeeeeeeee itttt it’s so good I can’t stop playing this.Pepole should download this app🥰💓💗💕💓💗💝💖❤️❤️❤️❤️💞💞💞', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 18, 12, 26), 'title': 'Just wow🥰❤️❤️'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lilbunnygaming', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Okay so I really like this game it actually pretty good.\n\n Now before I start staying my opinion I wanna say that I only played this game fore like a couple of minutes, \n\nAnd immediately  uninstalled it. I just wanted to say that so I can be clear that I’m not an “ Long time user.” \n\nThe first thing I would like to say it that..It’s WAY to many adds. I understand this game has to make money SOME how.\n\nBut this is NOT the way. \n\nAnd I’m going to be explaining why I gave this app a “4 Star review.”\n\nFirst of all, how I heard about this app was,\nThrew a add. \n\n( I’m guessing that how most of the users found it.) \n\nAnyways, I decided to try the “ fidget trading 3-D App.” And honestly when I saw it it looked a little bit promising. \n\nSo hit the “ Learn More” button.And I decided to download it.\n\n And it did not take up that much storage so I thought it would be a fun app. \n\nBut I was Really wrong. I thought I FINALLY found a app that was actually good quality. ( Not saying it isn’t.) \n\nSo I decided to try it. I played “Level 1.” Like any regular player. I had High hopes for this app. But I was wrong.\n\nAs SOON as I got the first add I KNEW I was mistaken. And I decided: “ well maybe the app just has on or 2 add’s there!” \n\nI said that because I had high hopes for this app. \n\nThen I decided to play “ Level 2.” And RIGHT before I could play the next level An ADD pop’s up. :/.  Then I just uninstalled the app- \n\nAnd this leaves me to the end! :D✨🍃. \n\nPs.( I think this app would be WONDERFUL without so many adds.!) \n\nPls respect my review!✨ \n\nAnyways, Thank you for taking the time to read this! \n\nByeee! :D✨🍃', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 9, 2, 50, 43), 'title': 'Would be great without so many ADD’S!!😔'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lollipop farts', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'THIS GAME = BAD 😡😡😡 TOO MNY ADDS AJD HKF OF IT I BARELT FIDGRRT TRADING 😡😡 GRRRRRRRRRRRERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR😡😡😡😡', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 19, 36, 2), 'title': 'no'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'wvblaster', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Ucixg', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 21, 38, 41), 'title': 'So IOOL'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '𝕧𝕒𝕪𝕕𝕒', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game is great for trading if you don’t really have any fidgets or don’t have people to trade with.It also has a very fun way of trading,But there is Sooooo many ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 14, 40, 39), 'title': 'SO MANY ADS'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ballsinyojaws300', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'this game is fun but there an ad after each time u play its so annoying i only play for a good 5 mins until i get tired of the ads. i saw this on tt', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 1, 8, 7), 'title': 'fun but it sucks😟'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Help me 🐸', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I LOVE this games I poop myswlf 👹BRING👹DOWN👹THE👹HOUSE👹OF👹GOD👹BRING👹DOWN👹THE👹HOUSE👹OF👹GOD', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 23, 22, 32), 'title': 'Hotter'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mbdkhhjf', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’ll absolutely love this game but like all the rest of the reviews it has way too many and ads I mean seriously every time I hit a button add every time I hit a different button add add add add add oh my gosh and also the person you’re going against gets really greedy and I mean sure that’s a fidget trading works but this isn’t a complaint or anything it’s just normal I’m really good at fidget trading in real life but the person complained so much like so much and they always hit the Plus and it’s crazy they always hit decline and then an ad comes on like it’s so annoying and it’s also annoying because when they say decline it says level failed and I like winning levels not losing so person who’s going against me online you need to stop saying decline OK now let’s talk about the ads again add add add add add add OK listen every time I do button add to hit a different button ads ads ads so many ads so if you’re reading this I would definitely pay for the no ads because it is definitely worth it so also I’m nine and I love the traiding especially in real life I like to play with my sister and this was definitely step up because my sister doesn’t really like her doing it and my mom doesn’t do it with me and my grandmas are always busy my granddaddy doesn’t normally do it with me so this was definitely step up whenever I want to play I can just go ahead and play so yeah. Also I can’t like scamming people but it’s not easy to scam because when you do when you keep saying add add add add add add add like we keep getting the + then when you hit the checkmark they had an ad sign and it’s so annoying and on the ad it shows that you can scam people by like taking a box of AirPods and writing a note that says scam it at closing and getting a bunch other people scam them but I don’t really know how to do that so I really like scamming but you can’t on here so yeah.Overall I would definitely recommend this game just add bother you then I would definitely not recommend this game so yeah;', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 18, 21, 40), 'title': 'It’s OK'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'malialane', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'When I first saw an ad about this game I thought like I had to try it out but.... THERE ARE SO MUCH ADS! I love this game but again SO MUCH ADS! Why are there so many ads!? I would really like if you could fix that.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 3, 7, 5), 'title': 'So.much.ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hsbcxhzbvxb5654', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I like the game it is relaxing, but it has a lot of adds.The levels are pretty easy if do them right but after each level there is an add.And there is not a lot of fidgets but other then that it is a good game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 1, 24, 57), 'title': '3/5'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'vhvdfdgfejjyy', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Pee', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 2, 2, 28), 'title': 'Pee'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BCSAROCKS', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'There’s way to many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 22, 14, 22), 'title': 'Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '1231462', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'too many goddamn ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 20, 6, 34), 'title': 'Ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'exryah', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'There’s WAY to many ads, to the point where you cant even enjoy the game.You get a ad after every trade! And I wish their where scams on here to make it more intresting, like as you open up a Iphone or AirPods and it says a scam, or if you really got it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 16, 53, 8), 'title': 'To Much Ads, Make the game more fun.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hhhxbhjdhdhd', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'No way. I hate this game because they put up too many ads and you know the scale like when you’re trading your fidgets in the game they put bad trade medium trade and good trade. When I trade in my fidgets I’ve never done in real life but in the game when I trade my fidgets I never have a good trade so I keep declining it but then it says redoOr almost and then I try again but I should’ve declined it like it wasn’t a good trade andIt just kept saying almost but I didn’t know it was wrong. And every time it does that I press the add button to redo and oh my gosh.These ads take so long! And they are very annoying. I do not want this anymore I’m going to delete this app forever because it’s really starting to annoy me. To the other players who are reading this if you agree with me just write the review below mine.Thank you for reading this', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 15, 37, 18), 'title': 'Annoying ads'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'car galor', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'It was really fun but way to many ads. You can’t hardly play the game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 5, 2, 46, 45), 'title': 'It’s ok..'}, {'review': 'Pretty good', 'userName': 'fixtxuc', 'title': 'Good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 5, 1, 1, 48), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'the fidget trading is fun but you never get to actually trade.\nits one of those games that are fun for 5 mins and you delete it in 10 mins', 'userName': 'Jport13', 'title': 'dont waste your time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 5, 2, 19, 39), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Lol', 'userName': 'PrincessSpikes', 'title': 'Most of it is not even fidget trading lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 5, 2, 12, 55), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I’ll rate this game a 4 cause there is a lot of adds', 'userName': 'voya89', 'title': 'Fidget', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 5, 1, 22, 18), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Good game but like way to many adds I mean I pressed no but it still gave a add so I still play but it’s a waste of time', 'userName': 'broke 😜😜😜😂😂', 'title': 'Adds', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 5, 0, 32, 24), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}], [{'userName': 'CcccccccccMmmmmmmmmm', 'title': 'I love it 🐶🐶👍🏻😂😃😀😄😁😆', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 30, 2, 2, 26), 'review': 'This game is awesome. I love it I think it is the most relaxing game ever!!! I love it in my free time I will get my phone out and play it. It is like so relaxing one time I fell asleep playing it. I think that if you are looking into getting it you should it’s so nice . It’s all free too . And the best part is I have never seen more then  five adds a day. It’s not like one of my other games that is full of adds. I’ve also never seen a bad add it’s only been good adds. Another thing I love is every day there is a daily puzzle. I love to play this. I would have to say this game is probably in my top  five favorite game. I have been playing this game for over six years never once had any problems with this I decided to write a review because I’ve been stuck in my house a while I’ve been playing this game like crazy. I decided I would write this review because all these years of playing I haven’t said anything about it so I just want to say flow free you have done an amazing job at this game. I love it !!     Thank you so much for creating this game I hope you can put my review on for others to read and find out how good this game is ! And I just wanted to say YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY GET THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'}, {'userName': 'Nabee ❤️', 'title': 'An Amazing and Creative Game', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 11, 3, 11, 25), 'review': 'Flow free is a game where you have to connect lines. You have an amount of moves and it shows your best amount of moves for that level. What makes this game great is that it is logic and common sense. Also, it’s the fact that it helps your brain really think which two lines should go where so the other lines connect. This is also satisfying seeing them connect. Another thing I like is how they always get harder level by level and scoreboard by scoreboard. I like the idea of them creating daily challenges. The game is perfect really. It’s very creative and really causes your brain to think. It’s like a fun, creative, brain game and I like the idea of that. \nOne thing that flow free should add is a challenging level where you have a certain amount of time to connect 20-30 lines. Another thing should be versing other players to see who can connect the lines or complete 1 entire scoreboard quicker. These two game modes should be called “Expert Level” and “Competitive Level”. I hope flow free can use one of my ideas. Therefore, this game is great but can use a couple game modes.\nOnce again, thank you for reading this.\n-Nabeeha. A'}, {'userName': 'Skayell', 'title': 'Gets the synapses firing! Love it.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 14, 9, 41), 'review': 'Flow Free is a little easy for the first several levels, or at least I found it so. Around level seven, it gets very interesting and challenging. Even if you find the first several levels a little too easy, keep going! By the time you get to 7x7 squares, you can see it starts to pick up the pace in trying to wrap your brain around this. By the time you get up to 10x10 squares, you see why even very intelligent people give up here. \n\nThese puzzles with higher numbers of squares require a high degree of spacial conceptual thinking. I love the challenge, but find it can be a little frustrating. When I get to a puzzle that really is taxing my brain, I go back to work a few puzzles at a lower level or even the level on a lower number of squares. Trust me, if you’re on Level 130 in 12x12 squares and you go back to a puzzle in 11x11 squares, you will not look at it say “I remember this.” After working several of the ‘less taxing’ puzzles, I can go back to the level that was frustrating me and see it in a new light and solve it and move on.'}, {'userName': 'Pearlmac', 'title': 'Love the game but', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15092274, 'body': 'Hi, thanks for playing and sorry you’re having trouble with the game.  If you click the “store” link on the main menu you should be able to scroll to the bottom of the page and select “Restore Purchases” and then “Okay”.  Let us know if that works in your review or by emailing us at support@bigduckgames.com.', 'modified': '2020-05-05T01:47:21Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 5, 17, 18, 12), 'review': 'I have enjoyed Flow Free games for a long time and I also paid to have ads removed long ago. The game is now overflowing with ads.  I once again said I wanted to remove the ads but received a message saying I had already purchased this.  The ads continued. Out of respect for the developers I wrote to them directly rather than make a post here. No response.  I again tried to have ads removed through Apple and received a message that it was done.  But, the ads continue.  $4.99.  Think about that if you are someone who likes to remove ads when they are very excessive and long.\nUPDATE: \nI heard back from the developer and was provided with clear instructions about how to fix my ad issue.  I first downloaded the game in 2011?  This is the first time I have had a glitch.  It is a very enjoyable game and I also own a couple of their other games.  (I was able to fix my issue in all games.) \nSo I am happy to give this game the stars it deserves.'}, {'userName': 'by cupcake love', 'title': 'I love this game!!!! 😍😍😍😍', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 1, 50, 18), 'review': 'When ever I’m bored and I don’t want to play Roblox ( I try not not to play Roblox 24/7 ) I play this. It is the best game ever! But, I have one suggestion. Why can’t you make your own puzzles for you to try and beat? Anyway, just a suggestion! You don’t have to do that if you don’t want to. Report: no bugs spotted! Report: awesome game! If your the lazy, calm, and chill kind of person, this is totally the game for you! When I said no bugs spotted 🐜 🕷 🐛, I really meant no bugs spotted! (So far.) So, I’ve downloaded this the day I got my iPad, ( I had a phone but lost it and found it a year later under the couch cushion but wouldn’t turn in and yes I tried charging it that didn’t work and the charger was brand new) and I loved it! ( I got half of my friends and family to download it. ) ( That’s how good it is! ) Of course, some of the puzzles are kind of hard, but don’t give up! Stars: if I could, I would give this game 1 Millon stars! \n\nThanks for reading, Munchim.'}, {'userName': 'Justin_of_the_saints', 'title': 'Quality Game and Keeps Me Busy, but one issue', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 1, 42, 19), 'review': 'Flow Free is one of the best, if not the best, game that I’ve played on my phone. I’ve been playing it for just about five years now, in addition to its counterparts Hexes and Bridges. It’s something that I find entertaining to do in my free time. I have just about every level complete from the most recent update and I have 1,446 day streak on. But that brings me to the one issue I have with it. I have noticed in previous versions of the app, when you have a streak and you forget a day, you lose the entire streak and go back to zero. But with the most recent update, if you lose a streak, you number simply goes down by one day instead of losing it entirely. In a way, this doesn’t keep me as motivated to keep up with my streaks on the apps, and has me slightly less enthusiastic to play the streak. However, I will continue to play this game because of how fun and addicting it can be.'}, {'userName': 'Cerealkeller', 'title': 'Free Flow Free', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 9, 17, 24, 7), 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game in my free time for several years now.  It’s a great puzzle game to keep your mind sharp.  I like to see how fast I can run through levels while I wait for my shiftly meeting.  Each time I complete a level I say, “Byea.” out loud.  The guy next to me figured out what it meant after a couple weeks.  The game has hours if not days of free puzzles, ranging from easy to very difficult.  Occasionally I get stuck and move on for a bit, then come back to it later.  Every time I think I’ve almost completed the entire game, the add a few level packs to the free game.  The best thing though, the one thing I was worried about when I got a new phone was losing my progress in this game.  But it was awesome, the game linked my progress to my Apple account.  So I was able to pick up right where I left off.\nSure, there are adds.  But I typically play offline.  So they’re not as bad.'}, {'userName': 'husSTLe escapist', 'title': 'My favorite game', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 26, 14, 43), 'review': "I've played free flow for over a year now and am so excited about the latest updates that I've finally decided to write a review.  This series of games is great for puzzlers who need a break from the big universe games that are super time intensive. Also, if you enjoy 1010 or BlockHexa, this is for you. The first few sets of some levels are laughably easy, but I use the easier levels to practice dexterity with my non-dominate hand and they are good for younger folks and days when I just want to unwind. Similar to Monument Valley and Euclidean Lands, the more complicated levels challenge your spacial orientation with warps, bridges, and walls. Even without those obstacles, some of the larger boards make it tough enough to be fun, but not obnoxiously impossible to solve. I also enjoy the challenge of going back to the puzzles that took me multiple attempts and re-solving them to get a perfect score. Thanks developers!!!"}, {'userName': 'JessDee47', 'title': 'I would like this game to be a bit more challenging for teenagers', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 8, 23, 47, 4), 'review': "I'm a teenager I like this game but I like to think that some of the levels are a bit too easy for me but I know it's meant for four year olds and up but I would like to see a new update of the app for older kids (such as myself) but I would also like it not to be too hard for younger kids but I know it is important for the creators to earn some sort of money from people playing this app but I really do think that if you can make it harder for teenagers (like me) to have a bit more of a challenge but like I said not too hard for younger kids but I really do like the app but if you could pleas (the creator) to make at least an update on this particular game so that older kids can have more of a challenge to have. And I like to solve these kind of puzzles but I would really like to see and update on this app."}, {'userName': 'SkovoxBlitzer', 'title': 'One of my favorite mobile games!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 18, 12, 56), 'review': 'Flow is a great way to unwind, but at the same time it really makes you think. I play flow to fill those 5-10 minute gaps that I have in between activities, but I can also just play flow and watch Netflix for hours at a time! I have had this game for a few years and have recently completed all of the free packs. There are additional flow games (hexes, warps, etc) all of which are free and just as much fun as the original, so the game has plenty of content to play through. I like the option to get hints (even if you do have to sit through an ad) along with the fact that there are additional levels that you can buy. My only complaint is that there are ads between levels, but you can pay a small amount to get rid of them. Overall a great game and I would highly recommend it.'}, {'userName': 'AmysaurusWantsAMuffin', 'title': 'Love this game, one minor annoyance though', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 15, 3, 51), 'review': 'I’ve played this game for literal years, it’s fun, it’s challenging, it really gets me thinking and helps kick start my brain in the morning. However, I have noticed one thing I don’t like about this. I was playing recently when I noticed something new about the daily streaks, and I felt my heart kinda sink. Apparently, if you don’t play every day, then your daily streak, instead of staying frozen on days you don’t play the game, will count backwards, and you have to actively keep your streak up. I don’t like this new feature as there are days when I just don’t have time to play games, and coming back to see something like my daily streak suffering because I just don’t have time to sit down and play a game, it really kinda upsets me. Still a really fun game though, and I play it whenever I can as I do genuinely enjoy it, but I will forever be annoyed about the thing with the daily streaks'}, {'userName': 'Dr.Mcwoofies', 'title': 'The Best Journey in My Life', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 11, 6, 17, 49), 'review': 'This review has been brewing for the past few months. I recently finished every level perfectly after 3 years. And I am glad to have been a part of this journey. I breezed through the beginner levels, noticed tactics, solved the puzzles in ways that were probably not intended. But as I grew, this game grew as well. I slowly noticed that the levels evolved, they no longer had errors, past easy tactics no longer worked, and levels truly became difficult. The last 15x18 levels were some of the most well designed levels in the game, being truly challenging. This game has been a big part of my life and I will be sad parting ways with this wonderful game. I won’t be playing the other games since I will become to busy, but this game will always be in my heart. It’s been a unforgettable 3 years.'}, {'userName': 'bettyslocombe', 'title': 'Terrible Navigation Changes', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 23, 25, 2), 'review': 'I love Flow Free. I give it five stars, however, I hate the new navigation changes made in the latest update. Darn, I keep forgetting to turn off automatic updates. There used to be forward and back arrows on every puzzle so you could change puzzles whenever wanted. Now there is a big light bulb right in the center to purchase hints which I keep accidentally hitting and no forward arrow at all so you have to back out to the puzzles to choose a new one. I liked the old way because sometimes you find a puzzle hard and just want to skip forward knowing when you come back later you will be able to see that puzzle differently and be able to solve it. I suppose the light bulb is there to make money selling hints, but I am never going to confirm the purchase of a hint even if I accidentally hit it. Maybe I will get used to it, but it sure is annoying. It was perfect before. Don’t change a good thing.'}, {'userName': 'Alekoi', 'title': 'LOVE LOVE LOVE', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 26, 8, 37, 54), 'review': "I've had this app for a while and I've been addicted to it the entire time! My streak is at 504 days, but I'm sad because I'll be changing phones tomorrow and I'll have to start completely over. I'm going to continue to do the daily puzzles but I wish I could keep my streak. Overall this game is an amazing tool for an overactive puzzle brain. I've bought all the extra packages, and some colors! I enjoy switching which pack I'm working on and I like that I can go back and do the easy ones when I don't want a challenge! Hexes is my second favorite and I have a streak of 367 days on that one. It keeps me busy when I'm nervous and It's my go to app when I need a break from people. I listen to audio books and just blow through puzzles crazy fast, SUCH an amazing game for an active mind!!! I would rate it 10 stars if I could!!"}, {'userName': 'HonorMelly', 'title': 'Puzzle Perfect!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 1, 6, 33, 24), 'review': 'Always on the hunt for a fun, challenging puzzler with a calm, chill atmosphere; and I’ve tried a lot! Thankfully, a few puzzlers are so exceptional I come back to play again & again: Flow Free is one of those faves, & it’s been a fave go-to for years! The basic concept doesn’t even require instructions, but they steadily increase in difficulty, and naturally enough to enjoy & not be overwhelming. Oh, & on top of the standard game levels, there’s also daily puzzles, bonus packs, packs of just one difficulty level, and even sample packs of the game with a lil twist (which are also available as a separate app)! You can pay a little for no ads, &/or extra daily hints, but it’s truly not required to enjoy the game, & doesn’t bombard you with ads either! It’s more than worth the lil pocket change to support one of the best puzzlers!'}, {'userName': 'Mortal Mayhem', 'title': 'LOVE IT!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 26, 5, 23, 30), 'review': 'I love playing puzzle games that progress and eventually get harder. This though, is my favorite one. This game gives a whole section for one size, unlike other games who feel free to make things big or small in the first 10 puzzles. I have the other flow games, but this is a smart force to be reckoned with! A 9 year old COD player that plays this would say “ugh this game is stupid. It doesn’t even have supply drops.” I say fk you. 😜😜😜. This game is great. It gets you distracted when you have nothing better to do, plus some extra with their other flow games. I wish they would make another game with multi flow game boards in one game. Just think of it. Hexes and bridges in one level. EPIC!!!\nThis game is great and I hope you make awesome changes to make this game better and better.\nBest of luck,\nFirestorm YT'}, {'userName': 'SDO1', 'title': 'Fix the streak counter please', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 2, 10, 14, 24), 'review': 'I like logic games and started playing when my son showed me this one. It’s attractive and simple to explain. In fact, I wonder if this would be good for people with dementia or other conditions that affect their verbal abilities since it’s essentially non-verbal.  I like that there are logical patterns you can discover to make solving faster as you progress. I was happy to pay to get rid of the ads.\nI have two suggestions for the daily puzzles. First, fix the streak counter. I went on vacation somewhat off the grid and didn’t play for a few days but the game still shows me with a long streak. If I have a streak I want to have earned it. Second, when there is a mix of difficulties make them progress in difficulty. I love that little hit of endorphins when I solve a relatively hard puzzle and when it’s followed by a very easy one it’s kind of a downer.'}, {'userName': 'BiggDoggJake', 'title': 'Flow FTW!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 26, 21, 48, 47), 'review': 'The “Flow” games (Flow Free, Bridges, Hexagons etc.) are my favorite puzzle games on the App Store by far. They’re incredibly fun to play, and once in the swing of things, you can start burning through levels. That is one of the reasons I highly recommend purchasing the “All Puzzles Pack” that disables adds as well, that way you’ve not only uninterrupted play, but so many levels you’ll have a hard time attempting to beat them all, even after scores of hours!\n\nA fantastic game through and through. Clean, elegant, simple design with a straight forward premise that is great for a quick 5 minute break, or lying back in chair or a bed for an hour!\n\nEasily 5/5 Stars from me, and recommend to anyone whether you find yourself a puzzle game lover or not, I’d say at least give it a shot; you might be surprised!'}, {'userName': 'lovelyraincoat', 'title': 'the best soothing game', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 22, 2, 31, 1), 'review': "i realized that i had never reviewed flow, despite having been playing it for years. so, this is my review ! i love solving these puzzles, the app is super easy to use and you can experience it 100% without ever having to buy anything. i'm considering buying a few extra packs just to support the creators, since i'm so happy to have this game ! it progresses very naturally, teaching you different strategies without ever having to give a tutorial. easy to navigate and pleasant to use. it's my go-to when i'm anxious, overall. sometimes i need to watch three movies at once and do something with my hands, and sometimes i need to lay in a dark room with nothing but something small as a distraction, and it works perfectly for both. it sounds ridiculous now that i'm writing it, but i'm really grateful to have found something so soothing. my only complaint would be the ads with noise are kind of jarring, especially since i usually have the sound effects very quiet, and then the ads are too loud, but i don't know if that's even something the developers could change. it definitely doesn't keep me from adoring the app, though ! thank you for providing it for all of us, i'm really happy i can use it !!"}, {'userName': 'LACEY BEST', 'title': 'Amazing download now', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 1, 13, 23), 'review': 'I downloaded free flow to see what it’s like for trips and stuff like that but then in instantly loved it I have never got bored playing free flow it’s really fun to get mixed up in tangles and everything the ad’s aren’t that long to there bout normal ad 10 to 15 seconds long maybe 5 seconds long but the ad’s go quick and they go after bout ten or maybe more try’s the ad’s are good and he games amazing you have different colors try and Mach why’ll also having to Mach the other color’s and you have to fill the whole screen up so not just some little square!! I love it it’s just one of my favorite games on my phone!!!! 10/10 you will love it if you love hard- medium-easy different levels for different players how they like it 10/10 recommend!!!!!! Enjoy the game ( supper fun )'}, {'title': 'Great!!', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for apparently 342 days and I won’t be stopping any time soon. I love how there are daily challenges, and although I forget to play for a few days, I am glad that my streak doesn’t drop all the way to zero ^^ I also love the different packs that are available for free. Of course, a free app comes with ads, and I’ve seen a few reviews complaining about the long ads. Honestly, I don’t find that a big problem because I can close the app and reload it, which takes like three seconds or if I’m that lazy, I can always switch my phone to airplane mode so I don’t have to see them at all. But I really love this app and it is a great time passer, and it is quite peaceful actually if you listen to some music while playing. Definitely recommend downloading!!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Dontknowsoillljustdothis', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 22, 21, 9, 21), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'An interesting test of emotional intelligence/intuitive aptitude', 'review': 'To put it simply, this game rocks for intuitive people.  People with high emotional intelligence, hyper-sensitivity, ADHD, all kinds of things that end in ‘D’ that don’t necessarily “fit in” by the world’s standards (because they have amazing gifts that also come with challenges) will excel at this game.  I believe it is a good, albeit simple, test to show the world that, heck yeah, you really are super smart and fast, just in other ways that the rest of the world doesn’t “get.”  Bottom line, life is a team sport.  Like it or not, everyone on the team is weird in some way.  More importantly, we all need each other.  \nLet’s work together to win by loving and helping others!\nMay God bless and help all of us live in His good, pleasing and perfect will!\nEnjoy the app!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Matt-R-Fact', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 24, 23, 21, 27), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Memories are my favorite', 'review': 'BG Info: When I was around 4yrs old I had my first IPad. It was an IPad 2. (yes an ipad 2 I don’t live in the 80s) It was already dying and it was pretty much crap. On that IPad I had flow. I LOVEEEEEDD that game!! Honestly I couldn’t remember the last time I opened up my IPad to not to go straight to flow I loved it that much!! And I still do!! (End of BGinfo) Now I have a phone and coincidentally I remembered the game’s name and I downloaded and played it for hours. The puzzles in the game are very easy.  But, they get hard fast as the board becomes bigger. And more colors quickly add to the board to connect. It can be satisfying to complete a hard level!! The game has so many levels that I ADORE!! My final rating 3,182,469 / 5. Download this game NOW!! (Or keep playing it if you have already!)', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'DatGamer56', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 6, 14, 56, 27), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Beauty in Simplicity', 'review': 'This game has taken over my free time over the past 2 years. It has grown to become my favorite mobile game of all time. When I started off the game seemed bland and straight-forward. As I took on more challenging levels I started noticing patterns and I strategized accordingly. As I progressed further, new puzzles called for new strategies.\n\nI also love the timed mode. The competitive aspect has pushed a group of my friends to top each-other and solve puzzles faster and faster. I have 15 5x5s in 30sec, I put in countless attempts to beat this every day.\n\nThis isn’t a game about connecting lines. This is a game about failing and persevering, and I won’t be able to put it down until every level is perfect (almost there!).', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'charliep17', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 18, 51, 37), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Very Addicting', 'review': 'Love this game. Have been playing for several years. Lost track of how many times I’ve beat all the levels and reset my progress to play all of them again. Best most satisfying sounds as well. The little “pops” when you connect a line. The water rippling sound when you complete a level. Even the water gushing sounds when you accidentally dissect a line. \nMy only issue/suggestion is to allow players to earn hints by completing levels or completing a perfect pack. Especially for users who have purchased the ad free version of the app. The only way to get hints is by purchasing them or watching a 30 second ad which only gives you 1 hint; which is a little aggravating. \nWould have rated 5 stars if not for the lack of being rewarded for completing levels or packs.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Sal429', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 28, 17, 36), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Just got it! But...', 'review': 'It is a great relaxing app to do like when you are laying in bed and can’t go to sleep and are trying SO hard to go to bed but you just can’t. It’s great for that, but... most levels are SUPER easy and then like 1 or 2 levels are challenging. That’s just ONE bad thing about it.\n\nMy second complaint about it is that when the levels ARE challenging they are almost IMPOSSIBLE to complete! I which that the ones that ARE challenging would be POSSIBLE to complete and not to easy that a TWO year old would be able to complete (which most of their other levels are like).\n\nI hope the makers of this game consider my thoughts and I hope you make these changes. I hope people who are thinking of downloading this read this rating and think if they want to download this app. Thank you.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'DirtBallOneHaveFun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 3, 3, 36, 41), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ads', 'review': 'I do not complain about responsible use of ads on a free game. I have heard enough reasons for them to last a lifetime, so we don’t have to rehash the need for a revenue stream or the way to keep the app free. I give you just one (1) ⭐️ because the ads are used irresponsibly. It is HOW and WHEN you use them that is the problem. There are too, too many, they interrupt playing the game, they are much too long, and the means to close them takes the player through several screens to get back to the game. The time for the “X” to appear is just too lengthy.  The ads occur about every 4 or 5 levels and run on multiple screens as long or longer than it takes to complete the games levels between them. It is annoying, more annoying than the game is fun, so while I have enjoyed the game itself, I do not like it enough to endure the ads as you choose to use them. By all means, use ads if you feel you must, but do so with a degree of professionalism and fairness.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Mountairy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 26, 1, 15, 27), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great Game Overall!', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for years and I still enjoy it quite a lot.  Very addictive and very much a brain game, you could really get tied up into this and after over thinking you’ll probably get a headache and realize moments later that the flow should of gone a different way.  But honestly that thinking part makes it very fun.\n\nThe only complaint I have is the ads, I remember when this game never had a video ever pop up.  Now after doing about 2 or 4 levels in a roll you get a video.  I mean I understand that these ads gives you guys money to be on here, but why not keep flow free like it was before, without the ads. Otherwise I still really love this game.  And I will recommend it to anyone and also would still play it no matter what really.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Skibud98', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 22, 8, 8, 28), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'One of all time Best Games!', 'review': 'Simple, elegant, challenging & the developers do a *great job* providing new & interesting content. I’ve been playing for maybe 5 years & still play every day. I purchased for no ads, plus no huge battery drain because of ads: if still offered BUY THIS GAME! It’s very reasonably priced & you won’t be disappointed. Really like that they’ve introduced weekly free themed puzzles in addition to daily free puzzles & upgraded the difficulty of daily puzzles from too-easy to medium & even quite challenging. Excellent game that keeps you mentally sharp & the best part? Developers who really seem to care about providing a consistently excellent, well designed & frequently updated game. Seriously, an all-time Top Game.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Eeeeedjit', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 26, 16, 51, 42), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': '5 stars please read', 'review': 'This game is so entertaining and so fun to play it is one of the best choices I had made to download this game a lot of the games on my phone are kind of boring and really really hard to play this game is simple and it increases the amount of rods or pipes you use and it’s just an amazing game I definitely think you should download it of for me it’s been really good there’s not a lot of ads there’s not any bugs and I’m just loving this game so much attaining so fun and five stars for me I do think that the images sometimes lie but other than that I think that it’s a great game and I I recommend it so yeah and I’ve been playing this for like five minutes and I’m already addicted yeah good rating for me!!👩\u200d🦲', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'HATE THIS DUMB NICKNAME THING', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 11, 22, 0, 24), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Had to delete.', 'review': "I've had a streak completing the daily puzzles for over 3 years, completed all the new packs, almost every puzzle in the game was solved... but when an app has the opportunity to turn off the volume, AND my sound on my phone is off, and your believe your little app gets to bypass that and turn my volume on? For an AD?? Horrific and unacceptable. I have sensory issues and sudden noises I'm not expecting cause them to flare up - not to mention how often I wanted to do these puzzles in places that needed to be quiet. \n\nI understand needing ads, but you do NOT get to lie to consumers and literally change what my phone is doing. I've brought this up before and NOTHING changed. How terribly disappointing to have to delete something that's been a part of my daily life for years - but the puzzles are NOT fun enough to justify the frustration, panic attacks, and trouble. Don't bother with this app. There are other mobile games that respect users.", 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'UserRMR04', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 17, 14, 4, 28), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great...but...', 'review': "Update: I love all of your color themes, but some of the fall and holiday themes are too dark to show up well on the black background. Would it be a possibility to give us a choice to switch the background color to one that is more compatible with the theme that is chosen?\nLove this game, my kids at school love this game...but I guess I was misled. I paid the money to unlock all levels only to find that I still had to beat levels to get to the next levels...not exactly truth in advertising. For $3.99, I would have expected more. I don't think I'll be doing any more in-app purchases from here. Fix that up, I get frustrated with some of the levels and like to come back to them, but if they're locked? No can do. Five stars if you fix the purchases.", 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Great Speller', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 25, 16, 38, 23), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Latest update took 5 stars to 3.5', 'review': 'I have long loved play the flo free games for at least 6 maybe 7 years. I find it both relaxing and mentally challenging. This is 1 game I have talked a few other seniors into trying as it makes a great form of mental exercise. In fact I had to reset my progress a second time while back as I had cleared all boards perfect (guess that can explain 1,350 days playing?)\n\nWhen I realized the new update removed the option to watch commercials for hints. Between fact that I am an elderly disabled person on a fixed income and I occasionally try out games I see advertised I miss that option. As I occasionally need those hints especially with some of the newer levels to avoid excessive frustration. \n\nWas the removal of that option intentional or accidental?  I am hoping accidental.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Shakala Poodle', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 11, 6, 54, 54), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Rather fun game', 'review': "This is a bit of a story. My goal with flow was to never use any hits or look anything up and compleat the entire game on my own. Half way through, I taped 'hint' by accident. Which was okay, because the hint it gave was part I already figured out. Plus I figured when I completed the pack I could just get a free hint. But since I paid for all the other packs and color schemes it didn't offer one. So I thought maybe if I reset my progress it would reset the hints as well, but no. At this point, I dont really feel like starting it all over, because it'll always say I  used hints and it doesn't feel like a real accomplishment because of that. It's still a great game though.", 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Invad3r Bron7', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 19, 12, 25, 43), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Addictive and challenging but...', 'review': 'Pro: based on my 933-day streak of daily puzzle completions, it’s fair to say the game has held my interest. It’s a good brain exercise to connect the dots and is especially good for playing when you’re waiting at the dentist/airport/etc. \n\nCon: the ads are terribly intrusive unless you pay for the ad-free version (which I did). Hints are expensive and no, I’m not paying for them. For a while you were able to earn hints by watching ads, but I just noticed that option is gone. It doesn’t look like that was mentioned in a release note, it’s just gone. That annoyed me enough to finally write a review!\n\nSo basically I’ll keep playing the daily puzzles and work through the packs. When I’m out of hints, I’m deleting the game.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Coastcat', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 30, 7, 53, 1), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great game 10 outta ten', 'review': 'I like this game because the puzzles are real easy, and it makes me feel smart. I can’t say for sure and I may be wrong but I think some of the puzzles are even the same puzzles but rotated! Idk tho! Some of the larger puzzles are kind of small so my big thumbs make it difficult to accurately draw the lines without accidentally breaking another line so sometimes I have to restart a whole level because I need that star! I have been downloading and deleting this game over and over for something like 5 years, like some kind of toxic girlfriend so there must be something good about it! Would recommend to grandmothers and other types of people as well.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'johnny the walrus', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 5, 3, 51, 26), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Best game ever!', 'review': 'It’s a really realaxing it will make you kind off tired but it will make you smarter if you want some brain puzzles and you want to make your self smarter too this is the game for you every time I’m done from school I get on the bus and get my phone out and play the game till I get to my stop you should really get this game it’s amazing all you do is do some puzzles and go through harder levels each time you win a level I love this game! I’m a 9 year old and I love this game I bet ether people might like it to because kids like not that boring things so if I was you I would get this game! So if you get this game good for you! Well I guess have a nice day I hope people get this game. :)', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Bpyper', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 12, 4, 25, 27), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'The Best Game EVER✨', 'review': 'I used to have this game and deleted it because it wasn’t so fun since I was young. But now that I found it I thank myself for getting it! Such a appealing game and it relieves my stress. There’s one thing about it though that is annoying, it’s the ads. They are a normal thing but maybe not so much? Anyways this game is really fun and I’m so glad I got it and I recommend it to ANYONE looking for a fun, non boring game. What I liked from the second I downloaded this app was it’s so easy to understand and the instructions are clear enough for even 3 year olds to read! So all in all I totally love this game and recommend it! I play it nonstop every day and never want it to get deleted again!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'tucobayleetraby', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 19, 0, 19, 31), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Best Game Ever!!! 👍🔥👌😍', 'review': 'I love this game ever since it came out. I remember as a kid I enjoyed this game so much and wouldn’t even care to watch ads for hints. Even in the year 2020 it is still good and they always have daily levels and many more to beat. I love the other games made by this person like free flow bridges, free flow hexagon, and free flow warps. I really hope this game becomes more popular than it is and gets shown lots of more love. One good this about this game as well is how much space it doesn’t take. I could have my phone saying I barely have any storage and still be able to play this game. Keep up the good work developer/developers and I hope y’all have a good year. 🤗', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'PanzoidHD', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 7, 0, 4, 29), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Just the best game out there', 'review': 'I’ve been playing Flow since it came out on the App Store, six years ago. Many games come and go from my phone but never, ever this one. It is one of the most relaxing puzzle games I have ever played. This game eases you into each of the new levels and concepts so smoothly, that by the time you’re playing the hard packs, you will be raring for the challenge. I love how easy it is on the eyes, too—I’m very sensitive to light (my phone is always on night mode), and the black background and colored contrast of the grid and flows make it easy and comfortable to play. I recommend pairing this game with music or a podcast you want to listen to for stress relief!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'BluBird17', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 19, 16, 54, 9), 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Me2485739201', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 17, 21, 30, 53), 'title': 'Best anxiety relief', 'review': 'I love this game more than any other I’ve ever played on my phone. The entire concept, including color scheme and sounds, work great to calm me when I’m feeling bad anxiety. I hope they continue to add more levels and new puzzle types. It’s addicting and also such a perfect stress reliever/distraction game for me. I love it so much.... except for the Warp levels, but my brain just doesn’t seem to work that way :( maybe if I keep working at it lol, but I just don’t find those as fun to play. The larger boards are also hard on the eyes, but I could switch to my iPad for those. Other than that, zero complaints, which can’t be said about ANY other app on my phone.', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'HighlandBob', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 17, 12, 29, 55), 'title': 'One of my favorites', 'review': 'I’ve had this puzzle app on my phone and iPad since 2012. A lot of game and puzzle apps have come and gone on my devices but this one, and its companion “flow” apps have remained because they are just so much fun and stimulating when tackling the more challenging puzzles.  I have every puzzle pack and done most of them at least 3 times.  I love the latest updates that this app received.   Would love to see similar updates done to the rest of the Flow family of puzzles.  The new weekly puzzles are a much appreciated addition.  Particularly since they can be way more challenging than the daily puzzles.  Great fun for all ages. A huge ATTABOY to the developers.', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'ggKookie', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 22, 1, 21, 7), 'title': 'Absolutely love it!!', 'review': 'I love this game so much! I’ve been playing this since I was like 2 or 3 years old. It’s such a fun game for kids and adults! I believe that it improves your smartness of puzzles. And the ads, there are barely any ads they only come every so often, so you can get through a lot of levels then maybe have an ad. I also think that it is a time taker cause you get so into it then you use a lot of time, and if You have only a little bit of time to waste you might as well play this game!! This is a fun game for all ages, never get boring, and a really fun game to play! In all I love this game and think it’s such an awesome game to play when your bored!! ❤️', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Dustee Styles', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 1, 19, 30, 15), 'title': 'Cool, but...', 'review': 'This game is super fun! I’ve been playing it for almost a year i think, and I usually get bored of phone games by this point. I love that there are daily puzzles that to keep my interest but the streak count is weird. A streak is where you keep it going every day.  I know that I’ve skipped days but the count doesn’t start over. It would be nice to actually have a goal to reach with the streak. Also, one thing that actually made me write a review was the hints. You used to be able to get hints by watching ads, but now you have to buy them. Which is really stupid. I’m not buying hints! This game almost isn’t worth it anymore because once you complete all the puzzles there’s nothing else to do anymore except for the daily puzzles which I can complete is a minute.', 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23207452, 'body': "Thanks for playing and sorry for the trouble.  The weekly issue should be fixed in the latest version 4.3 update which is available now from the Flow Free page in the App Store.  You may also be able to recover your progress using iCloud sync in the game settings.  If that's not working you can email us at support@bigduckgames.com and we may be able to troubleshoot.", 'modified': '2021-06-05T02:38:39Z'}, 'userName': 'lastride', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 3, 20, 26, 57), 'title': 'Great game, new update glitched it though', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game daily for like 4 years now. My weekly streak glitched with the newest update. For whatever reason, my weekly streak would keep showing that I was missing 11 puzzles left. So I would do them and close out the game. Check back later, same puzzles were shown as not completed. So I thought that maybe uninstalling it and reinstalling it would work since I’ve reset my phone in the past and not losing my progress on my streaks. Doing so reset my daily progress so I went from a over a 1,500 perfect day streak to 0 day and weekly from whenever it was implemented, to 0 weeks perfect.\n\nGame play is fun and addictive, but the new update glitched it out.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'DoggoandCato', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 2, 21, 24), 'title': 'Yea just yea', 'review': 'Love the game. Helps me fall asleep every night. I do wish something could happen... maybe have more color change options without buying? I also wish that there could be like more 5x5 boards. So easy I know, but I love them. Maybe have a money or point system so you could buy different skins? Ooh, I have an idea. How about adding PvP? Like time rounds and see how many you could get done against another person or computer. Now, it’s been freezing up on me so I would go in and fix that. But, please take my suggestions. Maybe it could make the game even better than it already is. Maybe add some music too. Okay, I’m gonna shut up.', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Kerilyn10', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 14, 22, 46, 51), 'title': 'Would pay again', 'review': 'I finished every level of this game a while ago. And that’s no small feat as there are approximately 4,300 levels (paid $3 for unlimited access to them all). Having fully finished the game, I bought the 3 other Flow games (Hexes, Bridges, and Warps) and have finished Hexes and am working through the other two. This game is beautifully simple yet manages to be both challenging and engaging. It is perfect way to relax or play while doing other things. I use it to both improve my dexterity and dimensional thinking skills. It is also very helpful for calming yourself down if you’re angry or upset 😉 I can not recommend this app enough', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Niss playz', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 2, 1, 30, 37), 'title': 'THIS IS AMAZING', 'review': 'I love how challenging this game is. I might sometimes be like “THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE!” When it really isn’t. It takes a lot of practice and brain power to complete a game most of the time don’t even play... but the more you challenge yourself, the more others might give it a try, too. Your like a role model, the more you accomplish something that you normally wouldn’t do, and others might think “I wanna give Flow Free a try, too!” Then, they will accomplish it, then other people will think that as well, and they accomplish it as well, then other people will see that, too and so on. In conclusion, this is challenging for my family, and I. So, give it a try... IT’S SUPER FUN!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'liv/ grace', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 0, 54, 43), 'title': 'Relaxing game', 'review': 'Thank you for this wonderful game it brought a lot of relaxation to me. I never found a game except for prodigy and sum dog and epic and raz kids st math frickle and other games but what I’m trying to say is that the game has been good for me and it has been so fun and really addictive I like that you can do the abc or you can just do colors p.s I think that the blue and the abc is the best my opinion!!!! Can you make more games like this one an I don’t know you could do abc can you make that obese please????  I’m sure your family was proud and loved this game as much as me and my family I would love it if you could make a number 1 to infinity thank you so so so so so much!!!!!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Hater of Miga Town', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 18, 16, 17, 18), 'title': 'I love it! ❤️', 'review': "This game is the best! I play in all the time. It makes you think and the colors and sounds make it fun. I love how it has all of the different games like flow:hexes, flow:bridges , and flow:warps. I also like the different packs in the game. This is the best app that I have ever installed. I'm an girl that just go into her double digits, and I have a three year old sister who gets into trouble a lot, so this game lets me escape from my crazy sibling. Whoever created this game is a genius. This game has amazing colors and sounds, and the challenging levels are fun for me because this game can be very easy sometimes. I love this game so much. But, try to add some new packs and harder levels!", 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'TwinklingStorm', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 30, 5, 26, 53), 'title': 'My Whole Childhood In One Game', 'review': 'This game has been with me ever since I was like 4 or 5. No wonder I’m so good at puzzles. I love this game to death and just playing it makes memories LITERALLY flow into my head. Such a great game! I know it literally just putting lines together but it means so much more then just putting lines together. It literally means my whole childhood. Thanks for such a good game and that it’s literally on everything. It was on the Nook, Nokia, IPhone, Samsung, everything you could imagine it most likely is one. You’d think such a little game would mean nothing to someone but this right here… it’s means so much and I hope y’all know that. Made my night!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'koalaman1601', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 17, 2, 56, 17), 'title': 'This game changed my life', 'review': 'There was a time in my life where I had nothing, no friends none to love me no one to care for and nothing to live for until lucky one faithful day I found it, the game that would change my life, when I found this game I wasn’t so sure on how much I would Enjoy it but as I played it more and more I realized this is what true happiness feels like people finally loved for my godly skills on flow free people finally appreciated me for who I was, a flow free player and that’s it my depression was cured my family loved me and my friends appreciated me,     In all seriousness I truly love this game and can’t wait to buy the expansion packs🥴', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'FiredDiamond', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 10, 11, 57, 5), 'title': 'All purchases not restored', 'review': 'My phone crashed. I was given a new one. My apps returned. It took awhile to receive the packages I had purchased but the remove ads hasn’t been restored. I paid to have the ads removed with my first phone. My second phone the purchase wasn’t recognized and I paid the $4.99 again. I’m NOT paying for it again. I’ll delete the app before I spend the money. The developers won’t acknowledge my previous purchase. Apple isn’t showing it, and neither is the App Store. Lesson learned: take screenshots of your purchases and back up your photos so you have proof. This alone is keeping me from giving the app 5 stars. I’ll change my review once all ads are removed during game play as well as in-between levels.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Mj pink', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 22, 7, 28, 23), 'title': 'Still my favorite years later', 'review': 'This is the only game in my entire life that I WANT to hear the sound effects. I HATE game sound effects, and electronic sounds in general. I keep my phone on silent, but I turn on my sound for this game. It’s incredibly soothing lol that alone is worth five stars. It’s also a good late night game because the screen is dark and the colors are soft. Other versions of Flow are cool, but I still like the original best, and they offer sample packs of warps, hexes, etc on the original Flow Free. Basically, other game developers should take notes from Flow Free, y’all are making something leagues beyond the rest. Thanks', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'VWVWVWVWV', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 3, 25, 28), 'title': 'My Favorite Game', 'review': 'I have played this game for years. I have missed the daily challenges only one day in the past three years but I was getting bored on the days when there were 10 or 12 trivial games. Fortunately, I found a way to make the easier games a little more challenging. I turned on color identification (which assigns a letter to each color as an aid for color blind players) and now I solve puzzles in alphabetical order. By that I mean I connect the red dots (labeled “A”), then the blue dots (labeled “B”), etc.  This forces me to analyze the puzzle fully before I start tracing the flows. Now the easy puzzles are a bit more interesting.', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 1079696, 'body': "Thanks for the great feedback!  It's good to hear that the animations option helped.  We'll definitely consider a white background option for a future update.", 'modified': '2017-08-22T22:38:07Z'}, 'userName': 'KMolinaro', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 22, 12, 3, 17), 'title': 'Great!', 'review': "I've written a review before. I've been playing this game for over 5 years so I was surprised to see in the latest update that this is the 5th birthday? I started playing on my windows phone before I had an iPhone. I'm pretty sure there was an option back then for a white background instead of black. I'm still waiting for that since it's hard to see with the black in the sun. \nThe latest updates with new games like bridges and hexes is great! I like the courtyard as well though I have yet to play the newest game, I forget what it is. \n\nThe latest update however really slows it down, I'm not sure what it's called but the way the other dot of the color you're touching moves, it seems to really bog everything down. I can't find an option to turn that feature off. Can you provide an option for that in the next update? I love the simplicity of this game. It's a major stress reliever and I recommend it to every one.\n\nUPDATE: animations back to normal! Thank you!", 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Ibriham Moizoos', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 28, 12, 55, 22), 'title': 'Ad-pocalypse', 'review': 'This was one of my favorite games to play when I was just sitting around. Stimulating and great for puzzle lovers. But finally, the inevitable happened. An over saturation of ads... and not short ads either. Long 15-30 second ads after every level that you can’t skip and I’m not about to pay for the ad free version. Would’ve gave 5 stars and have given highest recommendations, but now it has been ruined by an over abundant amount of ads. I’m taking away two stars, uninstalling, and not recommending to anyone in the future because it’s not worth playing for 5 seconds then waiting for 30 seconds to watch an ad before you can do anything else. I hope the ad money is worth it devs.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'SofiaWithAnF', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 8, 53, 35), 'title': 'Way too many advertisements.', 'review': 'I love this game! I really do! It’s a different rendition of your normal puzzle, but it’s hard to play when every two levels I get a very long ad. Sometimes the ad doesn’t even have a time stamp so I have to estimate when the ad will be finished. Others don’t even have the cancel button when the ad is finished playing. And when I click the “X” button on the top right corner, another ad pops up! It’s to the point where I have to cancel out of the app & open it back up again just to make the ad disappear. I understand ‘Flow’ wants to show off it’s sponsors but enough is enough already! I can’t even enjoy this game anymore. I’m to the point where I’m just about to delete it.', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'jdiben', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 29, 16, 56, 50), 'title': 'Fun but with problems', 'review': 'They don’t seem to understand what a streak is. I played everyday for a year to get a 365 day streak. When I missed the next day my streak went down by one instead of resetting to zero. If you can skip a couple of days and pick up where you left off the streak doesn’t mean anything\n\nAlso as others have mentioned. The ads have gotten really obnoxious. You get an ad after every couple of puzzles and they are often video ads with sound that auto play. This is why I quit playing this game. I don’t want sound to start blaring out of my phone when I’m somewhere quiet. I turned the game sounds off in the settings this should be an indication to not serve up ads with sound', 'rating': 3}, {'userName': 'Max in Lubbock, TX', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 18, 22, 3, 17), 'title': 'Used to be so much better...', 'review': 'When I first downloaded the free version of this app, there were a lot more free daily puzzles (8-10). They were staggered in difficulty level so you would start with an easy puzzle and work toward the more difficult ones. Also, my hints would accumulate so I could use them whenever I wanted.  Now, they provide 2 and they are crazy difficult. Making it worse, they’ve wiped away my accumulated hints and now I get promoted to “buy” them. This app Used to be a fun distraction. Now, it’s a waste of time. No doubt, the app maker wants me to purchase the full version. I might have considered it eventually.  That’s not happening, now.  I’m not going to reward this kind of blatant BS greed that screws up the free version to force you to buy it. I’m deleting all of your apps from my phone now. \nLater app maker...', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'I’ve played this game /had it on my phone for about seven years. I almost never pay for the premium/extra features of apps but I paid to get the extra levels of flow once I had finished all the ones that were available at the time and it was SO worth it. It’s a simple design and not busy/annoying to look at, the game works well, and it’s also been my go-to to keep my mind calm if I’m freaking out or stressed. It’s just a super nice game. I’ve recommended it to my therapist and would recommend to anyone looking to keep their fingers and minds busy.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 22, 22, 2, 33), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Worth it! Calming and interesting', 'userName': 'jell_o', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'This app is very good for people who like to really challenge themselves. If you are one of those people this is the perfect app for you. If you are not one of these people that is okay they start you out on an easy level and you work your way up. This is the best way to challenge your brain, learn, and have fun all at the same time. This app is also for all ages wether you are as young as 3 years old or as old as 100 this is abreast game. I truly think that you will enjoy this game. Have fun and please review so that people can have fun and be challenged at the same time. \nHave fun and enjoy Free Flow !!!😁', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 25, 2, 19, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Free Flow', 'userName': 'bellaboobear🥝🥝', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I got this game a little while ago, and I LOVE IT! It is so relaxing! I never have too much adds. And I hate adds so that a one reason I LOVE THHIS GAME! And ever since school let out for summer, I have been kinda bored but now I have this game and I am never bored anymore! It is easy, fun, and challenging!!!!! I am writing this review because I want a lot of people to get this game because it is AWESOME👏! This game is better than all my games! I am very excited and happy that this game was created! That is why I gave this app 5 stars and more! Thanks for reading! I hope you understand how awesome this game is and get it!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 21, 19, 35, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love this game!!!!😉😉🤣🤣🥰😍', 'userName': 'lizzt1234', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'i’ve been playing this game for YEARS, like\nit was one of the first games i ever downloaded on my phone, and it’s still just as fun all these years later. i completed all the free packs perfectly and even paid to unlock all the other packs, most of which i’ve completed perfectly as well, just working on the last couple. i guess what i’m trying to say (other than to brag a little bit haha) is that this game is awesome and i’ve never gotten bored playing it. hopefully there will be some new level packs in the future so i don’t run out :)!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 8, 17, 9, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'i love this game!', 'userName': 'c_klozy', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Simple gameplay, HUNDREDS of levels. Though the only app I have is the OG app, it still gives me experience on others, such as Hexes, Bridges, and Warps. Even if they’re all just samples...\n\nI also appreciate that... well, how long since this game was first made? Around 2011? Either way, I’m surprised to see you still in good shape, updating the game at times, making new and free level sections, and even recently (as of my review) making your logo appear during the startup of the game. Keep up the great work!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 12, 21, 22, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Nice to see “Flow” still alive and running after all these years...', 'userName': 'Slartrss', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'This is a very challenging game and also. Fun at the same time if you are looking for the most fun game that you can literally play till 1:00 am then this is the game (trust me I’ve Been there before) and honestly this isn’t just a puzzle it’s better than any game just the excitement on every level is better than a battle game it’s just such a good quality game but the reason I put one star out is because there is a little bit of ads but other than that there’s like 3 ads every 24 hours/day and I highly recommend this game and even add removal is cheap so get it if not your missing out on some gooooood stuff', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 2, 2, 49, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Yes perfect 🤩', 'userName': 'bjadtfeh', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I don’t know what happened. There used to be the occasional ad that would pop after several levels were complete but they were short and I was alright with them since the dev needed a way to make money. I picked the game back up after awhile and now there are 30 second unskippable ads after every level. It makes the game unplayable. I went back through the version history and have no idea which update caused this since it wasn’t mentioned. I’ll put the game down for now but if I pick it up again in a couple months to see the same ad bloatware and unplayability, I’ll be deleting the game at that time. Sad, since this was a really fun game to mindlessly pass some time like when on the subway.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 13, 18, 44, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too Many Ads', 'userName': 'Csk84me', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I’ve played flow free for years because the developer keeps supporting it and adding levels. I’ll think I’ll have finished all of the levels and when I open the app weeks or months later, I’ll see new packs available to play. Flow free has been well worth the cost to purchase all the packs, and has probably been the best supported app on iOS that I’ve ever paid for. Where other paid games fall out of support and can’t run on a new iOS version, Flow free keeps on going with new content added over the years.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 13, 39, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Worth paying for! A joy to play!', 'userName': 'JoeCo0611', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'And it’s true, I really do, like this game. I love the premise, the puzzles, it keeps me hooked. I think it’s fair to watch an advert to get a hint. But I’ve found myself several times (at least 5 times tonight (in a 3 hour period) which is why I was promoted to write this) either clicking on an ad to give me a hint (more common) or watching a default ad (less common) and my game completely crashing. I love this game, but I hate watching some adverts to get some hints, just for the 2nd or 3rd hint to crash the game entirely and force me to watch the adverts again. I think the devs just need to better filer/control the ads on this game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 30, 8, 11, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I really do like this game', 'userName': 'caltnubs', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I want to only write the best about this game! I have played it for about 6 years now because my friend recommended it... and it’s awesome! New levels all the time, don’t need to spend money to play, makes you think a little in the more advanced levels; definitely top notch! The only problem is that recently it’s been freezing up and crashing right after an add shows =\\ hasn’t always been like that and I hope to see it fixed soon. Still would give it an 11 out of 10 if I could ;) good game for all ages. 😄👍', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 26, 4, 23, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Awesome app....but...', 'userName': 'sile-3', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I don’t know... This kills the time good, but needs more to it. Instead of wanting money, could you at least give some of the players a little more, free packs/colors? I know this might be asking much but, my parents are known to have tight budgets. So fairly I also think, giving us players a little more packs or seemingly more ideas would be nice. \n\nThe packs don’t HAVE to be perfect BUT I think a little more colors wouldn’t hurt. It would be divine to have more to do in it\n\nNot much, I know, but I’m known to wanting to be kept busy.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 30, 17, 0, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good time killer but some suggestions', 'userName': 'Vickypie7324', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'You saw the title. If you really do want relaxation, then Flow Free is the perfect game for you. There are lots of different packs, or types of puzzles to choose from. Then just choose a level, and you’re ready to play! 👍\n\n       All you have to do is connect all the dots, or circles, to their correct color, without any intersecting each other. It’s pretty easy once you get used to it! The most relaxing part I think is the sounds the game makes. They are kind of soothing.👌I hope you choose to download Flow Free, and if you do, have fun!😁', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 13, 0, 28, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Do You Want Relaxation? 😌', 'userName': 'Collicorn', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I have completed all of the original free games with a “Perfect” score. I am on a 582 day streak with the Daily Puzzles and completing them with a “Perfect” score. That being said, I am seriously considering deleting the AP. Recently, the ads became previews of games that go on and on and on, without any way to close them, until the preview is over. I feel like my phone is being hijacked. I didn’t mind the short ads that could be closed in a couple seconds. I realize they want me to pay a fee to avoid ads. How about paying part of my cellphone bill for hijacking my phone?? I will NOT download any of your previewed games that are being forced on me....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 10, 1, 14, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Flow Free is my favorite game!', 'userName': 'Snickerdoodle2019', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'I have gotten a lot more enjoyment out of this puzzle game than I ever expected.  The concept of these puzzles is simple enough to be relaxing, yet the puzzles themselves can be complex enough to challenge me. I’ve enjoyed it so much that I’ve completed all packs to date (8-Apr-2021) in this and every other “Flow” game... but now I’ve run out of puzzles. I appreciate the Daily and Weekly Puzzles features, but now they are too simple for me to get any enjoyment. That’s the only reason I’m not rating this 5 stars. If we can get a “Expert Daily Puzzles” feature, I’ll gladly bump my rating to 5.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 8, 17, 28, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'One of my favorites, but 1 feature request', 'userName': 'Kazi_', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I have had this for years and love it. I play everyday. Have gone through all the packs several times with stars earned on every level. Need more levels quick. You should do all the simple lower levels separately in there own app and make 10 x 10 levels and up for advance playing. Please build more higher levels. The daily puzzles need more work also. Kids level or adult level, it gets annoying when one day upper level and the next basic. Thanks and please get busy building more levels.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 15, 11, 57, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Need more.', 'userName': 'Cc. 0000048667', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'This is a great game, however, for this particular app, it’s just ruined as ads appear on the actual playing screen and not in between levels. Now I’m someone who will usually pay to remove ads, and it looks like this app does have the ability to let me do just that. However, in just trying this app out, the integrity of the game is ruined for me. Ads as part of the playing screen are distracting, obnoxious, and unnecessary. Even those not wishing to pay to remove ads should not be bombarded with them during play. This should be a game supported by ads, not ads supported by a game. I feel like it’s the latter and as such, will not play nor pay to play. Deleting now.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 29, 22, 39, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads on game screen ruin app', 'userName': 'Illuminate7', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'I love this game so much, and I have beat all four versions in only about 7 months! And guess what? I’m only 10 years old. It gets so boring playing things I have already beaten. Please make more versions such as circular versions, GIF versions, versions where you can get prizes, and even more! Also, I love how it actually sounds like a river, and how it makes those fun and funny popping sounds. I recommend this game to everyone who seeks a fun, relaxing, addicting, challenging, and a way to spend a boring or rainy day!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 12, 15, 59, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I ❤️this game! Keep making more versions!', 'userName': 'YoYo the Mister Kitti Kat', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Skyblue was a great day to be able to play the app hunt it and then started playing it and immediately delete the game again I gotta is the way you pay the pay for the rest of the game you want it and you get to play the app train and the app check out app check it out check it out check out app check it out check it again it and you pay it back and pay it back for the next one day to get the money to go get back with me a lot more like it is so fun to use but I gotta is the time I got candy to get it back', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 6, 5, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Title', 'userName': '100% totally recommend', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I love this app it’s a simple game of matching colors. I’ve actually re-downloaded this game on every new device that I’ve had since 2011 when sidekicks were the “in thing” to have. It’s a very simple game that has all types of different levels. Makes you think but simple enough to fill your time. Great for at work or waiting for an appointment. At the beginning they only had 3 levels. Now they’ve extended to 4 different apps all starting from the original. I can’t wait to test out the other apps as well. 5/5', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 13, 22, 55, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'My favorite', 'userName': 'Shana411', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I love this game, and it’s a good time killer if you have time to kill. My one nit pick of the game is some type of zoom feature or a iOS style magnify glass that follows your finger as you drag. This would make it easier to play on smaller screens once you reach the 10x10 and beyond. I know I could play it on my iPad, but the mobility and convince of my iPhone allow me to play this game where ever.  If implicated it could be a setting so it’s optional and not mandatory. I still will play the game but a magnifying type of feature would be nice.\n-JH', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 24, 5, 7, 8), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Zoom Feature', 'userName': 'JakeQwert', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Best Game', 'review': "I've had this game since it first came out (which is, wow, 5 years) and it's the only game that's endured the test of time. I rotate through games quite often because I end up getting bored of them, but never Flow. I love the new and interesting boards the developers come up with. My favorite part are the daily puzzles, but I wish there was a way to complete previous days' puzzles -- for when I forget a day or two. That doesn't take away from the game at all, it's just a nice feature that I want. All in all, the perfect leisure game!", 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Rosiechicken', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 3, 6, 7, 20)}, {'title': 'Don’t miss a day', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for about a year and a half.   I’m currently sitting on. 364 day streak with the daily challenge...I’ve perfectly solved all the free levels and about 2/3 of the paid ones.   I’ve solved 3300 all told so yeah I’d say this game is highly addicting!  I freak out when I go to bed sometimes thinking I haven’t done my daily puzzles.   Keep them coming!!!  I’d like to see if there could be some sort of leader board that keeps track of total puzzles done and the daily streak.   Maybe make things a little competitive.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'BrewersFan11', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 5, 14, 40, 15)}, {'title': 'Free Flow n Annoying Ads', 'review': 'Free Flow, or what I like to call A-B Flow is a game design to be relaxing or therapeutic, which is very true & all but the main issue are the ads, specifically ads that block the screen and can’t be exited out easily 🙄, and in order to get rid of the ad you need to exit the app, then enter back in which is minus 1 star, so if your looking for app to be relaxing this is it, but others the ads on the other hand are the drawback/issue, but other then that it a wonderful app for those trying to relax or wanting to play someone a little challenging, but overall a Great App +4 stars in rating.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'warbirdfan13', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 13, 4, 47, 55)}, {'title': 'Changing my review back to 5 stars. Thank you!', 'review': 'I had been playing this for quite a while and always played the games of the day, but just recently, very recently , like last week, a new feature was added that was SO annoying. (When you matched the dots, they expanded and "glowed.") It was actually hard on the eyes. So, I wrote a review and got a very nice email telling me I can turn off this feature ("Animation") in settings. Now, I\'m enjoying as much as I had before. Thank you for the quick, helpful response.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 1079684, 'body': 'Thanks for playing!  Glad to hear that everything is working well.', 'modified': '2017-08-22T22:34:55Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Terryhendricks', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 22, 16, 43, 41)}, {'title': 'Best Mobile Game Ever', 'review': 'I’ve unlocked and beaten every level. This is the best game! It’s easy to learn. It’s easy to pick up and put down. The controls are so smooth you’ll never think about how they work. Instead, they just work the way you’d expect. There are tons of levels. It took me years to complete everything. It’s relaxing if you need a distraction. There are sets of puzzles that are easy, medium, and hard. There’s honestly no critique I can think of, except please come out with new sets ;). What an amazing game! Great job to all involved!!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Rivukis', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 4, 16, 53, 32)}, {'title': 'My favorite mobile game', 'review': 'I’ve played this game since I first found it in around 2011 on my iPod touch 2nd gen and fell in love with it. Every single device I’ve had since, has had this game on it. I don’t really play games on my phone often, but this one is an exception due to how simple and fun it is. I love that you added small things like animations when you connect pipes together. Overall, it’s an amazing game that has stood the test of time for over 9 years with improvements, levels, themes, and the like to keep it fresh.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Nickotoo', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 17, 21, 48, 36)}, {'title': 'Game is great. Some ads won’t exit.', 'review': 'I don’t have a problem with occasional advertising. But this is another of those games with occasional ads that don’t have a way to exit back to game. “It’s Candy Time,” only gave the option to install or try again, but no way to exit out. It’s still there waiting me for me to do it’s bidding before releasing me back to the game as far as I know. At least it was, last time I looked. I even shut down, which made it go away for a minute. But the next time I got an ad, there it was. And same result. The  game? It’s addicting and fun and a challenge. Which is why I don’t want it’s advertising sponsors to hold me captive.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'renegade3115', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 17, 7, 48, 39)}, {'title': 'I love it', 'review': 'My granddaughter introduced this game to me a couple of years ago and I’ve been hooked ever since. In the beginning I would be stumped by simple puzzles and now I whiz through most of them, even complex ones. It’s disappointing when the free daily games are simple, 4-color puzzles. I set myself a challenge to complete the puzzle perfectly on the first try. When I hit a very difficult one that I can’t solve in one try, once I’ve figured it out I restart and do it without mistakes  I like those stars! Great game. Addictive!!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'awkfleabag', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 30, 14, 45, 49)}, {'title': 'Unhappy addict.', 'review': 'I\'ve been playing Flow games for several years. I find it to be very relaxing while at the same time challenging. For that I rate it 5 stars. I\'m not so happy about the new batch of ads. Some of them run on for 30 seconds, after which they display the "X" to close the screen in the most difficult way. Sometimes it is very faint and matches the colors it is surrounded by. Other times it is placed where you\'d be less likely to look for it. For that I\'d give it fewer stars... and may just stop playing.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Bob the unhappy adict', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 11, 15, 55, 51)}, {'title': 'Fun game, but ads cause the app to crash', 'review': 'I really enjoy this game on flights, or when I have time to kill in the airport. It’s challenging enough to keep me relatively entertained, and built out enough that you can play for days without nearing the complete game. \n\nMy complaint is that the ads are inconsistent. Sometimes you can play 10 puzzles without an ad, other times it’s every single puzzle for an hour. In addition to that random annoyance, there are a number of ads that cause the app to lock up, or crash. I understand that free comes at a price, but this is just sad. Your app shouldn’t crash just because an ad finished playing.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'ThornyBeard', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 1, 14, 42, 45)}, {'title': 'One of the best apps on my phone', 'review': 'This app has provided endless hours of entertainment. It is one of my favorite apps and one of the first apps I download when I get a new phone. I have gone through every board many times (once I finish, I reset my progress and start all over again). The ‘all update’ in-app purchase may be the best $4 (or so) I’ve ever spent as there are new packs coming out all the time (I’ve had this for a few years now and new packs are still coming). If you like puzzles, this is your app!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Motown84', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 4, 13, 44, 45)}, {'title': 'Things to be fixed', 'review': 'Okay so a few things that NEED TO BE FIXED. 1 the iPhone X, XR, XS, and XS Max are not at all fitted for this game. I still play this game and I am high school. Yeah I mean it’s simple and easy and probably not meant for my age group but it’s something to do when your bored or whatever. 2. The auto zoomed feature bugs me not everyone has zoomed view on there phone so if that was something that could be changed in settings then nice. 3 the view on the newer phones is ummm not good you have black bars and a huge gap on each side of the XS Max this game was fitted for a 4s it’s feels like... PLEASE fix the views.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Monkey8729', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 9, 15, 34, 56)}, {'title': 'My favorite game BUT...', 'review': 'I have played this for well over a year now, and am getting pretty good at it. I was delighted when the ability to get free clues appeared a few weeks ago; that made some of the trickier large puzzles achievable. BUT last night one of those ads made the whole thing lock up. The screen was frozen at the point where I had requested a clue. NOTHING happened when I touched any of the buttons! Finally, in desperation, I had to uninstall and then reinstall the game. There was a SMALL amount of memory of past achievements in the cloud, but most of it was lost. 😦', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Indy Lady 44', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 13, 11, 20, 58)}, {'title': 'Love this game!', 'review': 'I’ve had this app and the other three variations of the app on my phone since 2012. It’s such a relaxing and satisfying game to play in my downtime. It’s hard at first but the more you play the better you get at seeing the connections. It takes me less than 10 minutes to finish the daily challenges on all four variations of the game now! It’s taught me the valuable lesson of practice makes perfect. I also get a major dose of dopamine when I see a new board pack drop. I wish we got more updates!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Phrostybootz', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 27, 16, 11, 2)}, {'title': 'What an awesome game!!', 'review': 'I was totally going to leave a 5 star review, but I haven’t yet been awarded a medal for playing having a 2-year streak.  As I am currently sitting with a 736 day streak, it’s kinda disappointing.  But can I say, what an incredible game!!  Been playing this game since it came out, I even beat it over 4 years ago, then deleted it and picked it up 2 years ago, well 736 days ago to be exact, and every day since!  I even kept my old phone when I upgraded so I could keep my streak!  I liked the new versions of the game well enough, but there’s nothing like this original game!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'You Fred Jim', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 13, 3, 28, 15)}, {'title': 'Well designed and addictive', 'review': 'The Flow series is among the best designed game apps I’ve seen. They’re elegantly and minimalistic with colors, layout/navigation, sounds and animations impressively well thought out. Flow opens immediately and is ready for play (no detectable loading time or lengthy opening animations) and barely impacts battery life. The user experience is friction free and the puzzles are dangerously addictive. I do wish new packs were released more frequently. Or perhaps an off-schedule release to ease us through social distancing...', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'bricoleuse', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 18, 0)}, {'title': 'Challenging yet soothing', 'review': 'The more difficult puzzles are quite challenging and pleasantly frustrating.  When I finally solve one, it’s quite satisfying.\n\nThe easier puzzles are oddly soothing.  You can solve them while doing something else with the rest of your brain, like listening to music while reading or talking.\n\nI like the daily puzzles because there’s an enjoyable mix of difficulty levels, and you can skip around them, and save the ones you’re not in the mood for until later.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Jennifer Trommler', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 16, 20, 59, 10)}, {'title': 'Suddenly stopped', 'review': 'Played this for nearly 4 years, daily puzzles. Bought the no ad version too! The suddenly it freezes. No matter how many times I rebooted, restarted, or tried to return, nothing worked. Finally I tried removing and reinstalling. Still doesn’t work but now it wants a payment! I paid once. It remembers my name but not that I paid? I remembers I have other people in my life but not that I paid? Sorry, the game isn’t working with tha ads, it didn’t work without the ads before; why should I believe that if I pay $5, it will magically work?', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Gijsie14', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 5, 56, 52)}, {'title': 'This game is PERFECTION', 'review': 'Flow Free is a wonderfully addictive game. Not only is it fun and easy to use if you have free time, but it’s also challenging and it requires creative thinking. I’m almost positive I become just a little bit more intelligence after each puzzle. It also includes a lot of free levels, which is something I appreciate. So many games make you buy the next level, but this game has enough puzzles to last you a lifetime, and they’re always different and unique! I recommend this game for anyone of any age!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Music77577 love', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 6, 23, 15, 48)}, {'title': 'Perfect', 'review': 'Game idea in 1 sentence: connect the dots without crossing lines for any number of dots in any board size with changing game rules.  \n\nSo simple, so amazing -my all time favorite game on the app store.  Absolute must have.  \n\nI have been using this app for years.  This praise has been a long time coming; the simplicity, touch, sounds, colors are in sync with the idea of flow.  Level and animation transitions are seamless.  Perfect flows feel rewarding.  Complexity scales with user experience.  Level up potential is essentially unlimited, the board area, # of flows, and game rules (i.e portals, walls, bridges, etc) provide enough flows to last... well, as long as you want.  There are over two thousand puzzles in the base game, thousands more for the price of a cheeseburger, like 5+ more games by the same creator with the same premise but different implementations - all with expansions...  \n\nLive long and prosper, flow free.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Zimberfizz', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 30, 11, 26, 41)}, {'review': 'I absolutely love the flow apps. I’ve I’ve beaten every single free puzzle and have been doing the daily puzzles for over 750 days now. I just got a new phone so I have to beat all the puzzles all over again. But it won’t show the daily puzzles on this app. I have the other two and they both have the daily puzzles available but they aren’t showing up on this one. I even tried deleting it and then re downloading it but with no luck. Did you take out daily puzzles for only this app?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 3, 2, 6, 59), 'title': 'Daily puzzles?', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'BekahLynn95', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The puzzles are very challenging and at times a bit too difficult. Adding some walls or inactive squares would make things easier and more enjoyable. Also, after paying $6 to remove ads, get all special packs, and get all themes, there is still an ad after every 2 levels. It is a 20-30 second ad that gives you a hint that the game pesters you to watch every other level whether you need the hint or not. It is really annoying, especially after paying for it.\n\nNote: This review applies to all 4 Flow Free games since they follow the same pricing structure.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 14, 21, 25, 12), 'title': 'Too hard and too many ads', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Tae98Lily', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Flow Free is a great little puzzle game that has enough levels to keep you engaged for many many hours. I’ve had this app for several years now across multiple devices and it is still being fixed for minor bugs or adding new content (I have never experienced a bug or any similar issues). If you’re a fan of puzzle games or just looking for a game to play while sitting around for 10 minutes, Flow Free is a top choice.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 28, 13, 15, 7), 'title': 'Fantastic Game That is Still Being Updated', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'nate6644', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There is only one flaw in this game and that’s the way to get hints. I think if they had way that every few hours you get 2 free hints. I don’t think it fair that the only way to get hints is to buy them.I know that they creators of this game are trying to make money this way but there should be another way to get hints like earning them every five levels. Other than that though this game is awesome and I think anybody that likes puzzles or a challenge to try this game! If you like puzzles or challenges then this is the game for you!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 23, 0, 2, 18), 'title': 'It’s fun but there’s one complication...', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'fhuggdr', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This app retained my interest which is hard to do since most games/apps lose my attention within 5 minutes.... so far I’ve been interacting for 30 minutes or so, that’s a record in my book... hope it continues to intrigue me. Also, I noticed this Interactive game succeeded on block all my raising thoughts due to my hectic life which actually helped my brain relax for a bit and allow me to focus my energy into something interactive and stimulating in a positive way.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 30, 4, 30, 44), 'title': 'Stimulating Brain Game for fun and relaxation', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Shera! 💪🏼👸🏼🦄⚡️⚔️', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Ive been playing flow for YEARS and never bothered to upgrade because the adds weren’t that bad. In the past few weeks, the 3 second adds you’d get every now and the have become 30-60 second adds that you get after every other game. It’s incredibly annoying, to the point I’m about to delete the game and move on to other ones. \nPlease go back to the old way! It was one of the few games that wasn’t annoying, and I’m sorry to say that it has become one of the worst. \nPrior to this last update, I would have given the game 5 stars— I LOVED it. But now..... 2 seems fair for the amount of wasted time on truly ridiculous adds.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 28, 12, 45, 10), 'title': 'Not a fan of the adds', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Guard girls rule', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I downloaded flow Free about a week ago. I have had this game before. I also have it on my iPad so if you don’t have an iPhone it nice to still have with an iPad. Anyway this is an app that entertains, is fun and good for kids. Flow Free is a very nice game to play when ever! They do have some levels that cost money but that’s not even half of the levels!! They have various levels. They update the game every once in awhile. Flow free is such a great game for anyone! I highly suggest that if your in need of a game.. download Flow Free!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 12, 20, 20, 43), 'title': 'Must get!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'K•:)', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I finished the regular pack and the bonus pack “perfect”-ly and even though they get increasingly difficult, few of them take more than a few seconds to complete (literal seconds. No exaggeration). So I skipped on to the “extreme packs.” I’m nearly finished with the first extreme pack and most of them are easily solved under 15 seconds.\nThat being said, it’s very possible that a) adults are not the target demographic for this game or b) this game is meant to be more relaxing than challenging.\nAny which way, I still enjoy this game, but I don’t think I’ll bother with the smaller/easier packs.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 9, 7, 50, 39), 'title': 'Relaxing game, wish it was more difficult', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'kaychaykay', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really love this game. There have been a few improvements in the past few weeks that have also made it much better. First of all, you can now earn more hints by watching ad videos. This is much better than the previous version where you had to pay for hints. Also, two new packs were added. \n\nOther potential improvements:\n- add more packs (I have completed all but one of the packs)\n- use a consistent number of daily puzzles (for example, some days there are 3 games while others there are 12)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 25, 12, 57, 10), 'title': 'Great, fun game with a few minor areas of improvement', 'developerResponse': {'id': 2718301, 'body': "Sorry you had trouble with a bad ad.  We believe we've located and blocked them. \n Can you let us know in your review whether everything is working now?", 'modified': '2018-03-01T21:49:31Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Malissssa', 'isEdited': True}, {'review': 'The puzzles can be really easy and really difficult it’s like you’re creating art with the developers sometimes the best thing is to put it down and come back later, maybe you’ll see something you couldn’t before\n\nThe app also has a simple but sleek design and is pleasing to eye during play, surprisingly important for an easy to learn puzzle game, extra bells and whistles just create unnecessary clutter and takes you out of the zone', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 26, 12, 5, 4), 'title': 'Interesting at the least', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Wagon16x', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love this game and the others! Satisfying and calming. Some might be hard and if you’re really stuck you can use a hint. Although it’s great I’m a little annoyed by the ads that just randomly pop up. Sometimes you can immediately skip other times you have to wait sometimes 10 seconds or sometimes 20 seconds. Otherwise this game is perfect. I have all of them addicted to each. So many levels to complete. I highly recommend this game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 2, 0, 58, 31), 'title': 'Ups and downs', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'PopRockPenguin', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Oh my gosh, this game is soooooo addicting. I’ve always searched for a puzzle on this App Store but none of them were fun, they were all boring. Now, I can finally play a game that I enjoy that is a puzzle. It helps relieve stress and any emotions you want to get rid of, and if you do, this is the game to play. And, like my title, don’t play this game if you want to be so bored that you like to start doing HOMEWORK. NOW DON’T GET ME STARTED ON HOMEWORK!!! So, if you don’t want to get addicted to homework, get addicted to THIS.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 23, 19, 20), 'title': 'Warning ⚠️ Don’tPlayThisGameIfYouWantToBeBored', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Lisey_Pi@nist_SiNgEr', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Hi creators of Flow Free! I’ve been playing your game for years and I love it! =) But I kind of have a problem, and it’s about the ads. The pop-up ads after a couple of levels isn’t a problem for me, but there are inappropriate ads popping up on my face. I don’t know if you can fix that, or... I don’t know! Ever since 2021 started rolling in, inappropriate ads start popping up. What happened to the Huggies commercials, or the USAA ones? I was wondering if you can fix the ads. If you can’t, that’s perfectly fine!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 6, 5, 23, 18), 'title': 'Great game, but I have a suggestion.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'ShyBunnii', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Flow Free is, by far, my favorite puzzle game. I currently have a daily puzzle streak of 423 days, but I’ve had this game for a little over a year now. For some reason though, my streak is frozen or something, cuz when I was at 401 days, it was (ironically enough) April 1st. So I thought: oh it should just line up with the days of the month, but then I got to 4/27, and my streak was paused at 420 days even though I play every day and my streak will be lost if I don’t. Idk what happened but my streak is frozen. I’ve completed almost every pack cuz this game is really addicting. You should get it cuz it’s really fun.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 3, 16, 0, 12), 'title': 'My Favorite Puzzle Game To Destress', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'PJC123PJC', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been playing this game for years.  It’s part of my morning quiet time with my coffee and a good way to get all those neurons firing.  Early on, I paid for the option that removes the ads and gives you all the games/levels.  Every time they add new ones I get them for free.  It’s the best deal out there.  My daily streak just broke 1,000 and I am looking forward to he next 1,000.  I also play Flow Free Bridges daily and broke 1,000 as well.  For me, it’s another good investment of time and money.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 28, 13, 8, 44), 'title': 'Great Brain Trainer', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'IbuSaja', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been playing FLOW for years—ever since my nephews suggested that I “would really like it!”  Ha!  (Boy, do they know their aunt, or WHAT?!)  \nI haven’t missed doing the daily challenge in a couple of years, and I am always THRILLED when new packs are downloaded automatically for me!  I love the challenge, of course, and I feel like it helps keep dementia at bay...something that we seniors are always worried about!\nBetween FLOW, my daily crossword puzzles, and Sudoku, I should be good for a few more years.  Fingers crossed!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 2, 23, 35, 35), 'title': 'Addicting & Fun!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'KWS -Torrance, CA', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "I just 100% completed the game, every puzzle in every pack done in the minimum number of moves. This game is so fun, and so relaxing. I've played it since 2016 and it's so enjoyable. I've gotten very good at the game but it still manages to challenge me. I can't wait for new packs to get released so I can keep doing them and keep doing my daily and weekly puzzles. Since I've done every pack in this game, I think I'll go get hexes and try fully completing that too!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 29, 7, 25, 26), 'title': 'Favorite mobile game of all time', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ErinMartin😍😍😍😍😍', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "Flow👏 is 👏outstanding👏...literally 👏there 👏is 👏NO 👏ISSUES...👏yes 👏there👏 are 👏advertisements 👏but 👏surprisingly👏 I 👏don't👏 have 👏a 👏problem 👏with 👏it. 👏The 👏advertisements 👏appear 👏in 👏a 👏good 👏amount 👏of 👏time👏...i 👏some 👏know 👏why 👏but👏 the 👏game👏 is 👏super👏 duper 👏fun.👏..and 👏it's 👏relaxing...👏i 👏recommend 👏you 👏play 👏this 👏game 👏right 👏before👏 going 👏to 👏bed😌💅 Thank👏you 👏creators 👏for 👏creating 👏this 👏fun 👏game👏😌😌💅💅👏\n\nTo other humans who want to download...there no chance that you will dislike the game 👏", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 28, 16, 48, 39), 'title': 'Flowisoutstanding', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'creepy watchers', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I am a big fan of your game of big duck especially only  the free flow game. However, since I updated my mobile which iPhone plus in Uk, the game has because a clear source of frustration for me. I used to play it to clear my mind and all the success I achieve when completing the hardest levels gave me actually at that time a big boost either at the end of very difficult day or clear mind to start my new day.\nBut since that update which took place after September 17 from AppStore Uk that I chose to be the AppStore on my iPhone. The game - big duck - again became a source of big frustration as all the free flow games are simply unsolvable . I used ti solve the hardest games - please see the attcgase screenshots- now I can’t because they  are designed to be unsolvable.\nI hope that you take comments seriously and solve this AI problem as it will help you at all in your games business.\nProf Mona Badran\nDigital Economy Professor \nFaculty of Economics and Political Science\nCairo University \nEconomics Dept\nDigital Economy Expert\nWorld Bank\nWashington  DC\nUSA', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 24, 17, 12, 21), 'title': 'Important AI targeted drawback in the free flow app after recent updates', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Prof Mona Badran', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have to say this is such an amazing game! I’ve been playing this for a while now and it never gets boring. The game also adds different packs which varies up the game so you’ll never get bored. This game also has good replay ability since you can always try to ace every level. Even if you finish the game you can always do the time trials and the daily streaks which adds even MORE replay ability! This is a great game I recommend you download it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 23, 20, 32, 50), 'title': 'I love this game', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Joseph is me', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Believe in God 777', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 19, 1, 56, 16), 'title': 'How I like it.', 'review': 'My family and I used to play this game a lot a couple years ago. By family I am just meaning sisters and cousins. At that time I couldn’t even pass level 20. Then today I remembered about it, so I downloaded Free Flow beat 100 puzzles. The bad part is I still want to play the game, and I just don’t think I will be able to stop. I love this game. The puzzle are not to hard, but they can be hard. I am about to go play Free Flow which is now my favorite game, so this is it.', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Pally Lulu', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 28, 5, 47, 38), 'title': 'New update and mad', 'review': 'After the last update, the 2 more levels were added I noticed a major glitch on the app. When I would watch video for free hints sometimes after finishing the game would freeze I was unable to do anything and had to close the app all over again. I figured it was nothing but it happened almost every other time I watched a video. This was inconvenient and annoying to me and as someone who loves and adores this game I would also love if this problem could get fixed.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Kristen6226', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 21, 22, 22, 42), 'title': 'Really great, good work 👌', 'review': 'I love this game and all the spin off versions, I’ve been playing it for years. I just now noticed something which is that you can change color themes, which I knew before, but also you can turn on the option to label the colors. And I just now realized these two features make it easier for colorblind ppl, and are not necessarily exclusively for it looking cool. Anyway idk if that was the intention, but I thought that was rly cool so like good on you developers', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'upd', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 24, 4, 47, 42), 'title': 'Outstanding Game', 'review': 'The developer has been continuously updating this game for over four years. Never have I had to pay for more levels than what I originally purchased. All new levels added have been included with my original purchase.\n\nCongrats to the developer on the latest update. Some of the new 15x15s have been real brain stumpers. I’ve had to give up for a day and come back to them.\n\nThe new levels have all been free and even include samplers of Bridges, Hexes, Warps, and Courtyard. The warps puzzles I don’t particularly care for, but they were still fun.\n\nThis is a prime example of an outstanding developer on the App Store. While there is no such thing as a right to free updates including more features, the developers at least haven’t been removing features and charging more for it like some others have. Kudos!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Evan s. 1234', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 4, 21, 4, 29), 'title': 'Best mind twisting fun game ever', 'review': 'This game is really fun. It is also a mind twisting game. I have seen multiple ages of people play this game, it is so fun that there is like infinite levels to play for all types of people. Even my grandma plays it. I recommend this game strongly!!! 😃 this game is so addictive to. You can use it for competitions against friends family and more. This game is also a non wifi game so u can play it in a car, airplane, or really anywhere!!! I recommend you to download this game now.', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Niicki', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 17, 12, 9), 'title': 'Freezing (updated: fixed)', 'review': 'I have a 640 day streak and today is the first day I’ve had any problems. Like other recent reviews I’m able to open the game, but then it freezes and no amount of waiting or clicking or shimmying down and restarting my phone will make it work. Help, please!\n\nETA: after a few hours the app seems to be working again just fine. I do love this game, and I hope it never has problems like this again!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'bebeebeebeebee', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 20, 6, 4, 9), 'title': 'Amazing', 'review': 'I love the game because it has puzzles that help you want to beat the level and I have fun when I’m laying down or walking I think it’s very very Good game to play when you need to relax or take a moment to have you time and keep updating it I love the new updates thank you for making this game and listening to my opinion of the game.             😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗😀😀😀😃😀😀😃😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Courtney Marie E.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 30, 15, 58, 57), 'title': 'Love this game! ❤️', 'review': 'I love this game so much. It is so addicting and so much fun to play. I’m so glad I went ahead and downloaded the app. I only have one problem with this app. Adds! There aren’t many but If there were none it would be a huge improvement. I realize they make money off of these adds but they are super annoying when you just want to play the game. Other than that I am super impressed with this game and I will continue playing. Thank you! 😁', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Jabronie17', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 13, 2, 31, 49), 'title': 'Jolly good wholesome fun that will keep you sharp as a dart!', 'review': 'I truly indeed this application. It runs swimmingly on my iPhone SE. Whether I have a few minutes between lectures or hours on a Saturday night this game tickles my fancy any time.\n\nThe increasing difficulty throughout the game builds your confidence up as you progress throughout the ever growing world of flow. Satisfaction is a term some believed coined by the creator of this brain game. Hitting the marks locking in a perfect results is a sensation on matched by lives greatest pleasures.\n\n10/10', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Bluestone : )', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 22, 4, 40, 55), 'title': 'Great! But needs more.', 'review': 'This game is addictive. I find myself playing often just to pass time. Sometimes it can be pretty mindless, which I enjoy. But it needs more. Recently, new apps like Hexes, Warps and Bridges bring some of that to separate gameplay, bud I would like to see them put it all into one app. I want to see more original ideas frequently that completely change and add to the puzzle. Along with that, a level editor and community would be a massive addition that would help this game tremendously.', 'rating': 4}, {'userName': 'Mar1s3', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 17, 0, 27), 'title': 'Awesome game!!!', 'review': 'My school teacher had this and I just thought about it a couple weeks ago. It is a super easy, relaxing, non WiFi, game. It has tons of levels, and although it does have ads, they usually aren’t that long and you can get rid of them for cheap. I got the remove ads and get 2000 more levels for $4.99, but there are other purchases too. Hints are very helpful and there is no limit of how many you can get. Love this game, 5/5 stars!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'mmdahrn', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 21, 13, 15, 20), 'title': 'Great logic app', 'review': 'I state logic app instead of game because I’ve learned that this app has many disciplines that it derives from your brain such as having the ability to try something completely different even though the board “looks” like it should be done a particular way. I have gotten every achievement except for the year long achievement...175 days so far...I’ll get there! Great app! More boards please! Once a year is over...I’ll reset and start over.', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'AxlF90210', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 9, 22, 50, 30), 'title': 'Why I like this game!', 'review': 'This game is so fun it is so relaxing and it takes off a lot of stress.I gave it a 5 star rating because I love the patterns,I love that it is just the game like there is no shop no money involved it’s just the game. I would like it if you add some background Music. I love how you can always  beat a level and beat your high score. I know this is a tiny review but I could keep going and going on about this and all the wonderful things about it.😆👍', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'EpicMrEPlayer', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 4, 13, 35, 27), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23214992, 'body': "Thanks for playing and sorry for the trouble. The weekly puzzle issue is fixed in the latest version 4.3 update which is available now from the Flow Free page in the App Store.  Even without the update, the issue will go away on its own on Monday with the next week's puzzles.  We haven't made any significant changes to the ads in these updates.", 'modified': '2021-06-06T02:24:04Z'}, 'title': 'Fun game but seems it broke', 'review': 'Been playing this game daily for 5 years (daily challenge was up to 1550 days in a row completed). It’s a decent game. Ads are a bit aggressive but nothing unusual for a free to play game.\n\nPatch 2 days ago seemed to break the game. Doing the weekly challenges and would complete them. As soon as I closed the game and came back, all the puzzles I had done from after the patch didn’t seem to count and said they needed to be done.\n\nIf you were playing the game without the wifi or data on, you could get through puzzles without ads popping up after every 2 or 3 puzzles. The new patch seems to have embedded ads into the game itself so even if you’re not using any data and disconnected, you’re getting ads. Normally I just tolerate the ads because it’s free, but when the game seemed broken, figured I would turn off data and see if it would count my progress but no luck.\n\nFeels like the game broke 2 days ago. It’s been fun doing 5 years of puzzles but I don’t think I’ll touch the game again now.', 'rating': 1}, {'userName': 'lmwh55', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 13, 10, 41), 'title': 'Great problem solving to keep the mind active.', 'review': 'Have always appreciated this app. \nNever had any problems with glitches.\nThank you for a simple straight forward mind challenge that doesn’t force me to be timed or finish in a set amount of time. (Though this is an app where I am consistently very accurate and quick in completing levels.)\nReally like the opportunity to try different variations on the game. \nEven my grandchildren enjoy it!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Miss Jess', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 12, 4, 15, 30), 'title': 'S.P.', 'review': "Flow free is fun and challenging. \nIt's the best. \nLove it!\nI have all three flow free now. \nThey make some variety, as well. \nThey're all very fun. 😄😏\nI've deleted flow free multiple times, but I always come back around to it.\nNow I’m back to only the original flow free. \nBridges is most definitely easier. \nWarps is most definitely harder. \nBut I love the regular challenge in the original. \n(Warps is practically too hard AND too confusing to me.) \nI’ve become more addicted than ever \nIt’s an awesome game, very fun to play \nI highly recommend it.\nIf I could rate it more than five stars I definitely would. \nThe daily puzzles have become a part of my daily schedule. \nEvery day I go into flow free, the new available daily puzzles are the first thing I see. \nThen I do them right away. \n                                            Sincerely, J", 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'jtbyheart', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 24, 18, 31, 14), 'title': 'GREAT fun, but....', 'review': 'I love this game more than any other game app! My big issue is that I got to the ‘Amoeba’ section, and it just willy nilly ceased to record ANY of my progress! I’m stumped, and I even repeated playing the Amoeba stages that I’d already completed....to no avail! I began to LOSE THEM as having already completed them a few times over, in fact! Quite frustrating! I hope the great gamers here can help me with this! If they can fix this for me, I will definitely give it 5 stars!!', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Critic 359', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 31, 20, 11, 30), 'title': 'Ads on ads', 'review': 'I love this app but at this point the amount of ads are ridiculous. The game it self is 6/5 stars but I can only give it a two based on the fact that after every other puzzle I see at 40sec ad that is not able to be skipped. The ads are so long that it is faster to close the app all together and just re-open it and resume the puzzles, rather then watching an ad for an app that I will NEVER download. It is almost at the point where I will no longer be playing it. It is clear to the users that the developers only care about the ad revenue and not actual gameplay.', 'rating': 2}, {'userName': 'Mtncrtbrctgcyrnthtcn', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 14, 4, 39, 3), 'title': 'Very good game.', 'review': 'I really like this game, but there is one problem. The only problem that I have with this games is that when you complete a level you do not get the option to retry that level. Yo have to get out of the level and click back onto it. This is not good for those who want to get a star every time. Other than that this game is very enjoyable and you will get addicted to it within the day you start playing it.', 'rating': 5}, {'userName': 'Natalie Lange', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 4, 23, 56, 51), 'title': 'Okay', 'review': 'This is the most boring game you can ever get and there are levels that are difficult and that just makes it more boring If you like challenging games than this is the perfect game  for you but I hate difficult games so if you don’t do difficult games than do not download this game but other than that the game is still boring but I will give them credit for creating a game that many people download thank you for reading this whole thing and if you did you are a warrior because I hate reading but I love writing so thank you so byeeee😀😀😀', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Betsy_K', 'review': 'Love this game but the ads went from tolerable to annoying to upsetting and long. Women having to be “saved” from some evil man game. No thank you. Purchased ad free option using my phone to avoid that.  \n\nThis game’s 2012 FAQ states the game progress doesn’t sync between devices and they’re working on it. Seriously? For 9 years you’re working on it when every other game syncs between devices?', 'title': 'Ad Free is good. Won’t sync progress between devices.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 5, 12, 23, 6), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23227016, 'body': "We do support iCloud sync for sharing progress between iOS devices.  It can be turned on in the game settings menu.  We don't have a current game FAQ though... you may have come across a very old and outdated post from our old blog.  Feel free to email us at support@bigduckgames.com if you're still having issues.", 'modified': '2021-06-07T05:14:01Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Afatherofadaughter', 'review': "I have to rate this game for you so that I can play it for a long time but sometimes my mommy takes the iPad away from me so that is why you won't see me inline sometimes I really need to play this game because I really love this game and I really need to put five stars on this game because I really really need to play this game so I can be happy with this game okay thanks for listening goodbye!", 'title': "I like this game so much that I play it every day so I can't bare not rating it!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 9, 0, 28, 37), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cedarboy06', 'review': 'I’ve been playing for years, love the game, and I do the daily puzzles religiously.  I’ve done them every day since they’ve been introduced about 4 years ago and am currently holding a 1175 day streak (didn’t finish them one day less than a year in because I forgot).  As of two days ago the app started freezing on me.  I’m on the latest version of iOS, and if it were any other app I would delete it and move on, but I’d like to keep my streak going.', 'title': 'Love it, but there is a new bug...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 2, 16, 22, 17), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Weeza1961', 'review': 'I love the game but you started putting long adds on the app. I play this game at night before I go to bed. It helps me relax. But now you have these adds for other games on her and you can’t click off them like before. You have to wait them out until the end. I get bored waiting and find myself going to other games on my phone. Guess I’ll end up deleting this game if you don’t get rid of all the long adds.', 'title': 'Love game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 7, 7, 43, 48), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Buster-Boo', 'review': 'This app is a great way to focus on something that doesn’t bog your brain down, an excellent way to break from work, and zone out for a few minutes. Once I went for no-ads, it’s much more enjoyable. Just to take a little break, zip thru a few dozen levels in no time, and back to a work project with a fresh mind. I should note, the price was right; I’ve deleted other apps due to the ads, and the cost to remove them. I didn’t even hesitate.', 'title': 'Well worth paying for no ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 12, 1, 29, 5), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sprinkle adicshon', 'review': 'I love this game it’s so awesome but this one time I got confused because there’s so many options and I was on a very high level so I didn’t want to start all over again once you press replay there’s a ton of options and I’m like which one do I choose so I can get back on my level BTW choose classic anyways this game is awesome and you should totally get it in for those parents it’s 4+ amazing and totally free thanks bye!', 'title': 'This game is awesome 5 stars !!!!!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 7, 21, 40, 41), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'thats me over there', 'review': 'I’ve played all the levels multiple times and have perfected every single one of them(which means I completed them with as few moves as possible) and am still not bored of it. For me it’s a good mindless activity to play when you have a bit of free time and you don’t know what to do with yourself. Another thing that I like is they occasionally will upload new packs so you get some new levels.', 'title': 'Relaxing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 18, 24, 11), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sach.n', 'review': "The time Kaiser job Jose not not know Khodadadian KTLA is a good game app for me know family just a lot more often than not working Maxx do so olive was fun and just a,\nJob alert home 🏡 keep speaking on a Jhila mother of job hunting with mom dad and brother came and I love ❤️ \nI'm sure know how I feel when it keep keep myself logged Fafa\nJhila is the voice up to his mom but the dad dad came dad brother dad came and I am not working", 'title': "I'm so sure it would have to have the one thing that I", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 0, 3, 15), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ashleyyyy901', 'review': 'I probably first got this game in 2013 and I’ve loved it ever since. There have been periods of time where I just didn’t play, but I always come back. There’s just always something to do on this app there’s so many different packs and it’s definitely way more than when I first got the game. I really appreciate how much this app has to offer and how entertained it keeps me! There’s barely any ads too', 'title': 'One of the best games', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 28, 10, 34, 31), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mspotterhead', 'review': 'This game is so amazing and relaxing. I love the puzzles and the sound it makes is so satisfying! I used to have it on my phone a few years ago and I loved it. I don’t know why I deleted it all that time ago. However when I was looking at games to download today I remembered this game. I remembered when I played it a few years ago. I downloaded it and quickly loved it again. Thanks you devs!!!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍👍👍👍👍', 'title': 'So relaxing 😍😍😎👍', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 11, 18, 32, 56), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pepsiPapi', 'review': 'I tend not to return to game apps after the first day of playing them, but this one has me coming back everyday. Only problem I have is the lack of a proper undo button. It only lets me undo the previous move and not the ones before so it makes it harder to get a star on the 12x12 and up boards. Other than that, I genuinely feel like I could become a plumber now haha!', 'title': 'This is a great puzzle game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 26, 19, 26, 46), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Fukn.Rude', 'review': 'This game is absolutely awesome. I’ve been playing it since I was like 13. There’s so many levels and I just love it. BUT, over the years the ads have just gotten worse and worse. Now after basically every level you play an ad pops up. I also have an IPhone X, so some of the ads won’t allow me to exit them out. So I have to exit out of the entire app and go back in and find where I was. Which gets annoying as heck. But other than that, I love it.', 'title': 'Awesome, BUT', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 2, 15, 34, 54), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sushmanjb', 'review': 'I really love this game. It is really fun and addicting. Once in a while I find a very hard puzzle and I could use a hint. However, they only give you three hints and that’s all. Once they’re gone, they’re gone!  You cannot get more unless you pay money. They should provide you with a free hint every so often, or at least let me watch a video ad to earn a free hint. If I keep getting stuck and I cannot use a hint then I might have to quit playing.', 'title': 'Love it, but please give more hints', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 24, 13, 24, 24), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'joysondbird1009', 'review': "This fun, relaxing puzzle game is a great thing to do if your trying to go to sleep at 3 in the morning because your sister was up all night stalling with your parents! Or, any other reasons. (Totally not talking from experience), but seriously. All jokes aside, if you want a challenging and fun puzzle, this game is for you.\n\nAnd my favorite part \nTHEY DIDN'T GO OBSESSIVE WITH THE ADDS.\nSo the adds are small, and only reoccurring  every 5, maybe ten levels. And even though there are in app purchases, for those who don’t have that money, (god bless you all that are in that circumstance),  or just don’t wanna spend it, watch an add then you get the same product! It’s a fun, challenging-to-play puzzle game.\nThe intense gamers at school are even talking about it!", 'title': 'Best thing since Monument Valley 2!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 16, 28, 10), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TheLaziestU', 'review': 'I love this app. It’s a really good distraction when I need it and is a good brain “sharpener” if you will with the routine provided by the daily puzzles. The addition of the weekly puzzles were awesome as well. However, this week, I kept completing the same levels in the weekly puzzles pack, but every time I completed a puzzle and closed out of the app, it said I didn’t complete it and made me do it over again. I love the app and the puzzles, but this bug kind of bugs me.', 'title': 'Issue with weekly puzzles', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 4, 3, 3, 19), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23212239, 'body': 'Thanks for playing and sorry for the trouble. This issue should be fixed in the latest version 4.3 update which is available now from the Flow Free page in the App Store.', 'modified': '2021-06-05T16:45:26Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'EMILBIRDisupset', 'review': 'Okay, I absolutely love this game and play it all the time. Currently it’s been having an issue where it freezes up shortly after I open the game. I have a 64 day streak of daily puzzles and it’s about to go away because of some bugs that aren’t being fixed. Other than that big issue that I am about to cry over, it’s a really fun game that challenges you.', 'title': 'Needs bug fixes that weren’t there before', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 7, 13, 22), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nevaeh_510131', 'review': "I love this game! It's so relaxing, fun, but at the same time it's a good challenge. One thing I would change, however, is the daily streaks. I love the streaks, don't get me wrong, but it would be more enjoyable and make me want to play more often if the streaks would reset if you miss a day. Like it would completely start the daily steak over and not just move it down one day. But other than that I absolutely love!", 'title': 'Literally love💛💛💛', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 11, 7, 5, 48), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'zabrya benford', 'review': 'This game is so good it makes me so calm sometimes make my head hurt but other than that it good to play I love this game so much who ever came up with this game just thanks so much for making it is so good to play when you are bored I had this game ever since I was 7 years old and I’m 15 years old now this is so good so thank you for making this game P.S I don’t know why I put Flow Free as the title but thank you again for making this game', 'title': 'Flow Free', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 18, 2, 35, 29), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Catty.love1105', 'review': 'Love this game play it religiously but I am completely going to be honest and say that I hate the new layout. Had this game for over 4 years and I click without thinking and now I never go where I want. Is there a way to un update this game or just role back to the old layout. It is also in my opinion very hard to navigate and I would rather die then learn. Thanks! This game is very dear to me and I love it to bits!!!!!!', 'title': 'Hi yes love it but can I role back a bit', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 22, 20, 57, 51), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Islandove', 'review': 'I am a senior that lives my life daily in pain. Free flow is like a beautiful piece of music calming my nerves so I play as often as I can. The free flowing of the melody around the composition of the music, the intricacies of the individual notes,  and the differentiation of the length of the stanzas is a great way lose myself into serene relaxation. I am grateful to the developers for there creativity and ease of use of this amazingly relaxing app. Kudos to them.', 'title': 'harmony & melody brought together gracefully', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 18, 18, 39, 44), 'rating': 5}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I would highly recommend this game. it is perplexing, and a brain challenge. But I suggest that you make an option to turn the screen background white. The background is always black and it is depressing. I wish that you could make it an option to make the color white. Studies have shown that the color white make you a happier and brighter person. Thank you for making this game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 28, 21, 17, 45), 'title': 'Nice', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sincerley, Disapointed'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Hello! I’m Meredith a 13 year old! Want a challenge? Try Free Flow, this game should help with stress and depression imagine yourself saying “OMG! This game is so easy!” Then the next minute you get challenged by saying “Ugh, why can’t this game be easy all the time?” Easy is BORING! Hard is fun. You don’t know what you’re missing challenges are fun and easy is just plan boring. Meredith studies show that this game helps with stress and depression by challenging yourself. \n\nSincerely, \nMeredith Grace', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 20, 36, 38), 'title': 'VscoMooseWriter', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Unhappy poop'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is amazing. I will spend hours on it when I should be doing chores or something. It’s amazing the challenges are not that hard, but it makes you think a lot. I had this game a while ago but then I got a new phone. I highly recommend this game it’s amazing. I will say there are ads after every like 15 games but that’s fine considering games now has a ad after every game. Great game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 10, 18, 39, 26), 'title': 'Highly recommended', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'turtlegpf'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I LOVE this app! My 2nd grade teacher showed the class this app because it was really good for intelligence and logic and stuff, but I didn’t think of it. I downloaded it today, remembering Mrs. Swanson, and I’m adicted to it!! The first maybe 25 levels are a breeze, but then it gets a little more challenging... but not extremely hard. I like that u need to take a few tries, but I love redoing levels I didn’t get perfectly. Overview, this app is relaxing and amazing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 29, 18, 15, 40), 'title': '💗', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Marta Von Trapp'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I enjoy the game but lately I haven’t been able to play it because the touch screen does not work. I only have problems with this app so it is not my phone. I usually get to the actual playing page, nothing happens. I tried deleting the app and put it back on but that didn’t work.\nI contacted the developer and my problems were fixed immediately. Fantastic response!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 0, 1, 55), 'title': 'K Gordon', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12301916, 'body': 'Great, glad it’s work\xading now.  Thanks for the up\xaddate!', 'modified': '2019-12-09T20:37:39Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kcgg22'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Okay so I played this when I was like 6 on my kindle, and I loved it!! I got to like the 15x15!!! Then my kindle was acting weird and it’s a whole story but Lon story short, it does, like permanently. So I lost the games I usually played and then forgot all about them! But then when I saw and add for a game similar to this, this game popped into my head and I trued finding the name of it! I found it and have not stopped playing it yet!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 16, 2, 31, 6), 'title': 'Amazing!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jujuondatbeet'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': "I love this game. I have been playing it for multiple years, dedicating a frankly too large amount of time to it. I really like it and I've even bought all of the bonus packs. The ads are starting to ruin it for me. I've just recently re downloaded it on a new phone and the ads are just distracting instead of helpful. I wish they were all optional to watch. I would be much more obliging to watch them instead of being forced.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 20, 19, 31, 8), 'title': 'Great but ADS', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Shinydiamonds'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’m 15 and I’ve been playing since I was 6. I play this game on and off but thats just me and not because it’s a bad app. Anyways this won’t be a long review and I’ll just end it here. I know this is an older game and somewhat boring but, these type if games tease my brain and honestly have improved my planning abilities by thinking ahead. That is why I love this game and believe people should give it a try.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 8, 2, 7, 53), 'title': 'Love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Cameron Clementz'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': "This is the one game I will NEVER get tired of. I downloaded it back in 2016, because it was a game I remember from my childhood and my iPod days. Since then, I have completed over 5,500 levels perfectly, and that doesn't include the levels on the sequel apps Bridges, Hexes, and Warps. It's great to play when you're in the bathroom, waiting for the bus, or on the bus! I love these games so much, and hope to never see them leave.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 8, 22, 36, 28), 'title': 'Flow Free Veteran', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'the awesome gummy bear'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I NEVER EVER EVER write reviews on anything, but this will be the one and only exception because I truly love this game. I don’t care about the new layout and design, I don’t really mind it. What I definitely mind is that the daily and weekly puzzles are not in the same “main” page. All I ask is just how there are “titles” for all the categories, make one for the daily and weekly puzzles.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 10, 2, 16, 32), 'title': 'Daily + weekly puzzles', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Why do serious?'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'These games are an addiction for me and I’m up at midnight waiting for my daily games to appear as I have at least one streak over 1000 days, but lately the same games are repeating several times even in the same week. What’s up? And I’d like to mention that I love what I call the 4 room puzzles in the wraps games that occasionally appear, would love a set with 150 games one day. You even got me doing hexes. Anyway, these repeats are annoying.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 19, 5, 6, 47), 'title': 'Daily games are repeating regularly', 'developerResponse': {'id': 1069365, 'body': 'Sorry to hear that.  Does or did anyone else have access to your device, possibly a child?  Generally, the only way that all game progress except dailies can be cleared is if someone pressed "reset progress" on the game settings menu.', 'modified': '2017-08-22T00:16:57Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': '56cats'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I downloaded this app a few years ago and it was surprisingly addicting. It’s not one of the mindless free games you download, it involves thinking but the challenges are actually quite fun. New free content is released every month or so and it is one of my go to games whenever I need to kill time in a semi-productive fashion. Give it a shot, I think you’ll appreciate the intellectual stimulation this game has to offer.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 18, 55, 45), 'title': 'Really fun game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Analingus ;-)'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve had this app since it was a fad six years ago, and it is still rad! The devs release new packs and challenges all the time. Almost every update comes with a new game mechanic that keeps you sharp, which I really appreciate.\n\nA lot of these arcade games can fizzle out when you’ve beat all the levels, but Flow Free always has something new and cool. A+ app, great offline fun for airplanes and the like too!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 11, 19, 45, 6), 'title': 'Consistently Awesome', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sailorsnap'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is really fun and addicting. I played it when I was younger but I gave up because so couldn’t beat the first 27 levels. I re-installed it and now I can’t stop playing it. One thing to note is that when I got to the Extreme Pack, it was really hard. They usually have the first level of the pack labeled hard and it isn’t but I found the whole Extreme Pack difficult. Now on to Extreme Pack 2😖.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 1, 2, 23, 56), 'title': 'Great Game!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Y...E...P...'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This app is so much fun!  Free Flow comes with 25 packages of puzzles (some intro levels for related apps by Big Duck Games) so there is plenty of variety to keep it interesting.  I’ve played for over a year and haven’t needed to buy any new packages.  Just by signing on daily you get from 3 to 8 new puzzles.  I just switched to a new iPad, and I don’t mind redoing all the levels I’ve already completed.  I’m a big fan!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 19, 21, 8, 42), 'title': 'Unlimited Fun!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TradJazzGuy'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'This is a really good game, but there are too many ads that play, and the ads themselves would be fine if you could exit out of them after like 6 seconds...\n\nHere’s a little tip for all of you complainers: disconnect from the WiFi and turn off the ability for this app to use celluar data. Now you don’t have any ads! (This works after you close and reopen the game if you had it open while doing this)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 7, 20, 35, 38), 'title': 'Good game, but the ADS', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PavilionHP'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for around 3 years now and have completed all of the levels and achievements as of the latest update. My only “problem,” per se, is waiting for new packs to come out. I can occupy my time with the daily levels, but I wish the game updated with packs more frequently. Other than this, I have no qualms with the game and love to play it!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 5, 22, 12, 23), 'title': 'Amazing game - So addicting!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'FLOWBoi123'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I struggle from severe stress and anxiety, I have since I was 6 years old. Sometimes when I have an attack or get nervous I’ll pull out my phone, and play this game, this is the only game that will calm me down and keep my mind off from what I was thinking about that caused the nervousness, or attack. I highly suggest this game if you want something simple to play, yet challenging, calming, but fun.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 7, 4, 45, 20), 'title': 'Stress and anxiety reducer', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sarahralynn'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I can play this game for over an hour straight while listening to music and I won’t be bored. I’ve completed all the available levels up to “Extreme Pack” perfectly, and I’m still not bored. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes spacial games and wants to challenge their brains. The first levels are extremely easy but when you get to the 9x9s it gets tougher.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 11, 12, 3, 19), 'title': 'Awesome Game!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Blesgjutrffggghhhh'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve been playing flow for a very long time (I started a streak around 2 years ago and needless to say I’m still going strong at 520!) and it’s never become boring or a waste of space like other game apps inevitably do. The app has a simple, clean interface as well as no glitching I am aware of. There are ads, but it’s never intrusive or overwhelming. I’d recommend this game to anyone!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 28, 7, 52, 54), 'title': 'The timeless classic of game apps', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Serulii'}, {'userName': 'Anttesoriero', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 3, 4, 13, 31), 'title': 'My favorite game of all time', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I don’t play games for very long, but there’s something about this game I love. I’ve played this game for over a year, and I’ve perfected every level. I’ve even gone as far as to buy the full level pack (and I never buy things for games). I recommend to anyone, this is an amazing game, and you will love it. It’s simple yet fun. Hope they come out with more levels soon!'}, {'userName': 'crw21661', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 28, 14, 15, 31), 'title': 'Great way to engage your mind during “down time”', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I am always looking for ways to break up my time as my full-time job is intensive in the mental health field. Flow time helps to distract my thinking yet allow me to stay engaged cognitively. It’s a great way to relax and still practice problem-solving skills in an entertaining manner. I recommend this app to some of my students for study breaks and relaxation. Love this app!'}, {'userName': 'MoonShine14', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 8, 55, 42), 'title': 'Just Beat the Game!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve had this game for years, bought the ad-free upgrade (worth the money), and just got stars on every level!!!\n\nHumble-bragging aside, I genuinely love this game! It’s so good at keeping my brain occupied while I’m on the phone, listening to music, or just on the train. Straightforward, addictive, and very satisfying to finish each level! I’ll be looking forward to more packs in the future!'}, {'userName': 'thedailystigs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 6, 2, 11, 52), 'title': 'Super disappointed', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I downloaded this game years ago didn’t play much. Started playing daily the first day of lockdown. Became a part of my morning routine.  Purchased the remove ads and extra puzzles. I had beat hundreds of packs like over 20+ packs beat. I had a year and a half long streak on daily puzzles something like 600+daily streak and a 17 week streak for weekly puzzles. Disappointed I started beating levels and it wouldn’t save progress now all of sudden everything gone. Sad that out of nowhere it’s back like I never played it. Super sad. What a waste.'}, {'userName': 'Blah,blah, blah!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 19, 57, 33), 'title': 'Endless ads!', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Flow free use to be a truly wonderful game to play!   Ads were proportionate to the play time.  But now, after every 2 rounds (which in many cases literally only take a few seconds), there is a full 1 minute ad.   The same ads come on repeatedly.   If you choose “No Ads”, as I did, you are NOT billed once!   You are billed MONTHLY.    I tried many times to discontinue paying for “No Ads”, but the developers never responded to my requests.  I had to call my Credit Card Co. to discontinue payment.   Flow Free is no longer fun.  Too bad.   It was a great game, once upon a time...'}, {'userName': 'Not So Crazy Cat Lady', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 30, 3, 8, 1), 'title': 'I want my money back', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I bought the ultra dlc and am severely disappointed. I figured that since this entire game is about laying pipe I’d get laid but here we are. Also, no Cory in the house which I thought would at least be an Easter egg, instead I just keep getting ads for the rock playing crosswords, at time I checked rocks can’t use iPads. Never again will i download a game recommended to me by icarly, cy@ nerds'}, {'userName': 'Sweetie81603', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 16, 13, 46, 49), 'title': 'Amazing Puzzle Game', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game on and off for 6 years now, and it’s one of my favorite puzzle games. It’s easy for beginners, and hard for more experienced players. My only complaint is that it prompts in app purchases quite often, but they are relatively cheap, and you can definitely play the game without buying anything. Definitely one of my favorite games'}, {'userName': 'Names changed below', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 14, 21, 29, 1), 'title': 'I mean...', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is very addicting and fun, but 1. there are way too many advertisements and 2. Some of the color schemes just don’t work. Now, when I say there are too many ads, I mean it. Every other flow you complete you get a 30 second ad pop up and you can’t exit it. It’s very frustrating and downgrades my opinions on this app. Also, some of the colors are too dark or the colors just don’t go well with each other. It annoys me when I can barely see the colors when trying to complete a puzzle. So, overall, I give this app a 2/5.'}, {'userName': 'Carson Ross', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 19, 38, 35), 'title': 'BEST GAME', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Look i’m not big on these kinda games, but this game feels different. after completing almost 3000 levels perfectly i still always come back to this game everyday. i love the free hints feature plus there are never random ads, unlike other annoying games. i always get a slight satisfaction after each level and it’s great for releasing stress. i highly recommend this game!'}, {'userName': 'bcampbell', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 27, 2, 6, 47), 'title': 'Ads play audio, but Sound setting is "off"', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "This does not happen in Flow Free on my iPhone 7, on iOS 11.n.n. But on my iPad Pro, on 10.3.3 this game is only silent for some ads, and for gameplay. When a noisy add pops up in the game, I find myself scrambling to turn down the iPads own volume so I don't disturb people nearby. It drives me crazy, because then to watch a movie or listen to an audiobook when I'm alone, I have to turn the volume back up and then restart the media at the beginning to catch what I missed."}, {'userName': 'adalyn ray weis', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 11, 19, 52, 28), 'title': 'LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I got this game because I  needed a new game I looked at the reviews and every one loved it all the reviews were 10 stars so I was like well why not . Later I got bored so I played the game and it was so relaxing that’s what one review said to its so easy but sooooooooooo fun it’s one of my favorite games now and it has so many levels so I’ll be playing this game for years and there’s not a lot of adds at all'}, {'userName': 'MomRue', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 20, 16, 52, 45), 'title': 'Freezes', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing and enjoying the free version of this game for a few years now but recently it started freezing and I have to wait on it for sometimes a minute or more.  Has anybody else had this problem?  I do not have any trouble with any of my other games or apps.  I have shut my phone down a few times to try to fix it but nothing helps except waiting... And waiting....'}, {'userName': 'Bee1492', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 30, 19, 17, 20), 'title': 'Absolutely amazing!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this app. It’s one of my favorite puzzle apps, I’ve been playing it for years. The daily puzzles are fun, the free packs are plentiful, and the levels are spaced wonderfully so it progressively gets more challenging.\n\nI appreciate how the ads are not intrusive, they do play between some levels but the frequency is well paced and not obnoxious. \n\nMy new favorite challenge is the weekly puzzles. Such a fun idea! They’re harder than the daily puzzles but so much fun to figure out. \n\nAlso, one last thing, I love how it’s possible to earn hints by watching videos. It’s such a nice way to keep things cheaper for the player while still making sure the developers have some income.\n\n100% recommended!'}, {'userName': 'Bjknr', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 5, 16, 30, 31), 'title': 'Great App', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing for several years and appreciate the many versions and daily challenges. It is a great calming break as well as good brain exercise. \n\nI would like to be able to control when I clear a completed puzzle. I enjoy the aesthetic value of the grid when it is filled in, and it would be useful to compare the patterns of different puzzles.'}, {'userName': '#best rater ever', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 26, 2, 33, 38), 'title': '🤗🤗🤗🤗', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is an awesome game with so many levels!! It is my #1 app!! I love the hexa levels! There is a variety of options for many different people! If you are looking for a game to keep you busy, then get this app!There  are daily puzzles and monthly ones too! All for free!!!!!!!!!! Super 🤩 fun!! I love this games! If you are going on a trip and need something to keep you busy for the plane , then get this app!!!!!!!!!!! It'}, {'userName': 'oooooYazooooo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 11, 19, 59, 34), 'title': '😐😐😐😐😐', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Uh I really like this game I’ve had it before but I don’t have it on my phone only on my tablet but I can’t get it on my phone bc it doesn’t have a “GET” button it only has a cloud with arrow and I don’t want to push it bc I don’t know what it will do but I do agree that it really relaxing sometimes it’s a littler hard but still I really want it on here bc my tablet it kinda not with me 😭'}, {'userName': 'Mrb_theoneandonly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 15, 0, 28, 54), 'title': 'AMAZING!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game so much!!! It is very satisfying and relaxing! I don’t really have any suggestions for this game except for one. I know we can change the colors of our dots but it would be nice if we could maybe could change our background too. I don’t think there are too many ads and it’s nice to have a hint by watching an ad. Overall an amazing game! I love it so much!'}, {'userName': 'natyrone', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 4, 12, 31), 'title': 'A full ad after each puzzle??', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is fine enough, easy and relaxing, with a little thought needed every now and then. Hadn’t played it in a long time and decided to brush the dust off of it and give it another go, but that lasted all of two levels before I completely deleted the game. Apparently you now are submitted to a full length (30+ seconds) full screen ad after every single puzzle. Sometimes the ad is longer than the puzzle was! We all understand the need for ads with a free game, but that’s a bit much.'}, {'userName': 'only1dallas', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 7, 8, 47, 47), 'title': 'SPAMMY ADS changed experience', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game was nice with a laid back experience until someone decided it was good for business to allow users to experience an ad every 5 seconds. If this app wasn’t about a level of thinking and concentration, I’d likely be ok with it. But the ads do the very opposite and BREAK focus, and it’s almost feels exploiting. Likely to delete this app once I complete the current section. What a pity! That’s too bad. BAD DUCK(developer)Focus more more on your end users experience and understand your product better!! You could surely do better that!'}, {'userName': 'Idflmouse', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 23, 18, 17, 55), 'title': 'I seriously do not like the new interface. Very disappointing', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a real shame because I have been playing for about 7 years now and I’ve never had an update disappoint me so much. I liked the simplicity of the older interface, the one shown in the pictures. I don’t like how in free play mode, everything is now categorized with giant colored banners. The way it was before was perfectly fine. I also do not approve of moving the daily puzzle tab. Make it the way it was before. The menu, the completed screen, everything. Add the new packs and puzzles, but don’t change the design.'}, {'userName': 'Natie Bear', 'review': 'This game is very calming. I have very bad anxiety so I get Panic attacks. This game helps me calm down. It also helps my brain work and think. This is very good for summer so when school stars again, you can be good at puzzles in S.T.E.M. Thank you so much for making this game! All credits go out to you and the other people! Thank you!😁\n                                          From, \n                                      Natalee', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Really Relaxing', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 22, 13, 56, 13)}, {'userName': 'Kookiemuffin', 'review': 'I’ve been playing flow for since middle school and now I’m in my third year of college, that should tell you how playable Flow is. This game gives you so much content for being free and minimally invasive with the ads. I can’t recommend a better time killer of a game than this. It’s simple but it’s engaging and I always look forward to another pack to play!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'A game to enjoy for YEARS', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 21, 18, 16, 40)}, {'userName': 'quranlover420_69', 'review': 'So I love this game and I play it every day for hours but a couple of days ago my phone glitches and died and I never backed it up so I had to get every thing back on a new one but the problem is that alll the packs I bought were gone but thank god the one I solved stayed but still I bought everything in the game and it’s gone', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I solved every level but', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 3, 20, 39, 34)}, {'userName': 'Cari Walker', 'review': "It's a real battery killer. My battery has been dying faster since I started playing it a lot lately! Got a new phone recently and definitely don't want to kill the battery yet. The battery is what I hate most about phones. Probably going to delete the game so I won't drain too much battery. I got tons of other games anyway. Don't get me wrong, this game is definitely great, I just hate how it drains the battery so much.", 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Best game but...', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 25, 16, 36, 37)}, {'userName': 'sh222222222', 'review': 'I finish the daily puzzles each day and I finished all the levels in each type of puzzle a couple of months ago and a new game didn’t come up for weeks.  I finished the new game series in a couple of days and nothing has come up since. I’m not sure what’s happening.  I hate to say it but going to start looking around for other games.  If it wasn’t for the lack of puzzles, I would give it a higher rating.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Finished All The Free Flow Levels But Nothing Else Comes Up', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 20, 21, 59, 37)}, {'userName': 'Buckeye1971', 'developerResponse': {'id': 1972327, 'body': "Sorry you're having trouble with the game sound.  There were some bad ads playing music in the background but we believe this should be fixed now.  Please let us know if you're still seeing any issues, either in your review or by emailing us at support@bigduckgames.com", 'modified': '2017-12-09T00:12:38Z'}, 'review': 'EDIT: tired of fighting the sound. Deleted the app. \n\nThere’s a sound problem, which is too bad. The game play is well programmed and very addictive, and the advertisements aren’t too bad. However, relatively frequently, somehow related to an ad, loud music plays at maximum volume. I often play at bedtime, and I have to change my phone volume or even turn the sound off. There is an app volume setting but it isn’t applied to the obnoxious music.\n\nThe choice is to play without sound or wake up the household. Probably will delete the app if I can’t find a solution.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Sound Problem. Deleted the app', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 30, 4, 47, 20)}, {'userName': 'darren guarren alen', 'review': 'I love this game because it’s just like life where there is more the one solution but can sometimes leave one thing out but you can get the one solution that doesn’t leave anything out and I know it might look dumb but this game has helped me in the past when I was lost so for does that are as well I recommend this game.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love it and this is why', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 3, 32, 33)}, {'userName': 'Tearfox', 'review': 'I’ve been playing on and off for years and have always loved this game! I wish it didn’t have so many ads at times but I can understand the need on the free version. I will say that I normally hate puzzles but these are just so fun and so good at making you think outside the box that I can’t put it down at times.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'One of my favorite games!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 3, 38, 8)}, {'userName': 'DLOLYWA', 'review': '“I like this game because there’s a lot of colors and it’s really har. that why I like the game and it will be very fun because I have never played it before.”\n\nI put this game back on for myself. I found my 6 year old playing it, I was surprised by how far they got and figured it out without explanation.\n It gets harder as you progress. :)', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'From a 6 year old', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 26, 2, 14, 12)}, {'userName': 'doughnut lover 13', 'review': 'This game is so calming and relaxing I love it so much I could play all day every day and wouldn’t get bored! When I first got it I didn’t think it would be so awesome but now that I’m playing I love it so much I can’t even explain it. This is one of the best games I’ve ever played in my life because it’s so easy and hard and fun and relaxing and calming all wrapped up in one!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'This game is amazing', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 15, 13, 54, 53)}, {'userName': 'joefilho', 'review': 'I love this game! It’s so fun and when I see my aunts, we love playing this game. But I’ve seen something new. What’s with the ads? You’ve never had ads before. Well you’ve had a few but not this much. It’s really annoying having to wait for the WHOLE ad so you can play the next level. It’s REALLY unnecessary. Just have a few here and there but after EVERY level is just ridiculous. Just fix that please.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'I love it but....', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 30, 18, 16, 16)}, {'userName': 'Snakeliver24', 'review': 'I actually LOVE this game, but there are some problems\n\n1 I first played this on a kindle fire where every skin was free, on my phone it costs a dollar to get the neon skin.\n\n2. It gets very boring after a while. I deleted it and I just re downloaded it again. When I deleted it I couldn’t play it! It was the same thing; over and over and OVER! I would give this game 5 stars for some variety, like a leaderboard or playing against friends in the times puzzles, I am still happy with the game, but I know what happens....', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Really dude!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 29, 11, 2, 37)}, {'userName': 'deducetheworld', 'review': 'I love this game. I’ve never been big on puzzles, but I’m a huge fan of this style. The ability to test my skill at solving puzzles is really appealing. Also, the colours are perfect. They’re not too bright and “in your face” like other games. I kinda wish that the normal puzzles had a timer built in so you could see how long it took to solve the puzzle.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great to Kill Time and Relax', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 12, 18, 50, 50)}, {'userName': 'Punkymarie', 'developerResponse': {'id': 1124918, 'body': "Thanks!  It's great to hear that you're enjoying the games and updates!", 'modified': '2017-08-28T18:15:35Z'}, 'review': 'This is my favorite game along with hexes, bridges, and now warps.  I asked for an option to turn off the animations and within a few days it was done!  Plus new boards to boot 👍.  Thank you so much.  Best game and best support around--real people are behind this company.  For you reading this, beware, for this game is addicting--as all my family and friends agree.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best puzzle game ever with best support', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 27, 18, 58, 24)}, {'userName': 'Delve lord', 'review': 'I just finished the Classic Pack, and honestly, that took long. That’s a good thing! There are more packs than you can count on your fingers, so that makes it like you never want to stop. You can even buy some more packs for only the price of 5 bucks! And when you finish the game, you have Flow Free Bridges, Hexes, and Warps. You have a huge journey ahead of you!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great Game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 1, 13, 42, 52)}, {'userName': 'zubizuva', 'review': 'Honestly, this is a great puzzle game app. You get an impressive amount of content for what you pay; there’s a random number of daily puzzles and every once in a while a new puzzle pack gets added. I’ve been playing Flow Free for over two years now and I’m still figuring out puzzles and I still enjoy it. Easily five stars.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'My favorite puzzle app', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 30, 7, 37, 19)}, {'userName': '❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🖤😃', 'review': 'This game I had since my mom showed it to me when I was about 12. I was playing it all day everyday! I showed this game to my grandma and grandpa and they fell in love as well. My little cousins play the game too. This app is fun for all ages in all generations. There are so many fun levels. I definitely recommend this game if you can give up a few hours of your day.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fun for all ages!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 26, 15, 24, 36)}, {'userName': 'KimmieKrafts', 'review': 'I’ve played this daily for 650+ days.  It is my favorite.  I’ve played almost all of the packs too.  So much that I replay them.  Only suggestion would to add a time tracker to the puzzle as I also like to play fast.  On most days the days the dAily challenge is complete in less than a minute...  I wish it were longer.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'My Daily Brain game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 20, 5, 26, 56)}, {'userName': 'Joanna Spring', 'review': 'You should really get this game! It is three things, Fun, addictive, and relaxing!!! The only reason I’m giving a 4 star rating is that I have a suggestion/question: why do you have to pay real money to get the other packs!? And the samplers have to little levels could you possibly change it to more. Other than that, this is the best game in the whole wide gaming world!🤳🏽 take my word for it, get this game', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'THE BEST!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 19, 2, 58)}, {'userName': 'Evelyn Kappel', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game since I was a child, and I’m 17 now. It breaks my heart to give this game 2 stars, but this newest update is so un-aesthetically pleasing it makes me want to vomit. It no longer looks like a chill game, it looks like a knockoff sci-fi game that’s trying too hard to look futuristic by making it horrifically saturated and angular. \n\nIf nothing else, please change the interface back to the way it was. Nothing was wrong with it, and it perfectly suited the game. I’m very sorry dev team, but this update was not it.', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'This update is NOT IT.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 5, 33, 3)}, {'title': 'Ads', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I used to play this game nonstop when I was younger but haven’t played it in a long time and forgot about it because we’ve been changing our phones all year round. But I came across this game again and it’s so calming. I’ve love puzzle games. If only there wasn’t ads. Ik there is a premium so it’s add free but i don’t want to pay. But overall, it’s a fun game.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 19, 7, 18, 50), 'userName': 'babymochi⁷'}, {'title': 'Great when it loads', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I would have given this app a 5 except sometimes it will not load. I try to open it and it looks like is is going to ope but then it stops and goes back to the start screen. I then have to delete the app, sometimes several times, then it will continue to where I can load it. Bu then Iv’e lost all my progress. Wish they would fix this problem.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 12, 1, 58), 'userName': 'Trashflasher'}, {'title': 'Flow Free', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a great game! When I am stressed it calms me down. And it is a great game for when I am bored! I originally found out about this game from my grandma I thought it would be boring but I got it on my phone and found out that it is really fun! I recommend this for everyone including you, the wonderful person reading this! I hope you all have a great day! ☀️', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 24, 13, 54, 36), 'userName': 'stay positive reviews'}, {'title': 'Well designed game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve played flow for many months- it’s great at the lower levels for younger kids and as a brief distraction. At the higher levels, the game will really challenge your logic and spatial thinking. I’ve spent many plane rides with flow and feeling like I’ve exercised my brain on something productive versus vegging out on a movie or a hand-eye dexterity game. The game has never crashed on iOS devices and is well designed and engaging.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 8, 16, 19, 46), 'userName': 'Alien_Shore'}, {'title': 'Awesome but needs more levels', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have played this game for years, I literally have 1320 days straight on the daily challenges and have beaten every pack perfectly. Even bought the extended packs. It’s calming and exciting at the same time. By far my favorite game. Also have warps, bridges and hexes. Just wish they would continue to add new levels.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 21, 2, 1, 49), 'userName': 'Miah1303'}, {'title': 'Love it but....', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ok, lemme say this, I love this game! It’s an awesome puzzle game that’s relaxing and fun to play! One problem, it’s a little easy. I heard this in a different review, can there be a version for older kids and teens like myself? Don’t make the game easier, cause there’s some little ones playing, just make an app called Flow: Expert or something? Keep it up, I love what you’re doing!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 28, 21, 47, 24), 'userName': 'Robloxian Fantasy King'}, {'title': 'Awesome Game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is definitely worth five stars. I am allowed to change the volume to listen to music and their are very little adds. This game is also good to boost your IQ I used to have a IQ of 127 and now it is 156 and I am in the gifted program. Play this game 30 minutes every day and life changing events will occur. Please reader download this app and thank you 😊 flow free, sincerely- Frog Soccer', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 17, 18, 36, 46), 'userName': 'cool gamer 229'}, {'title': 'Years of mind-building entertainment.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game!!! I’ve had it for years now, and still play it when I have a few minutes to kill. It makes me think, and makes noises that cheer me up. The puzzles are clever, and well constructed. If a game has been on my phone for years, and I still enjoy it, I’d say that’s definitely worth 5 stars.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 2, 16, 20), 'userName': 'Jojok49'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12273834, 'body': 'Hi, sorry you’re having trouble with the game.  We’ve made some server changes to try to fix this.  Are you still seeing the game screen freeze, or is it working now?  Please let us know either in your review or by emailing support@bigduckgames.com so we can troubleshoot further.  Thanks!', 'modified': '2019-12-08T15:33:29Z'}, 'title': 'Back up and working', 'isEdited': True, 'review': 'Recently the app has been freezing. I’ve almost completed every pack flawlessly but after opening the app and scrolling down the app freezes and won’t allow me to select any of the packs. None of my other apps have this issue so something needs to be fixed with this one.\n\nEdit: the issue has been resolved', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 6, 5, 39), 'userName': 'Creatinefeind'}, {'title': 'Needed this long before now!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'A friend of mine showed this to me recently and I’m hooked. I can’t believe I survived so long without this. Great way to keep the gears turning and pass the time. Mindless apps are good too of course, this adds a little spice to the day if you’re looking for something more than just zoning out in a waiting room or even at home.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 21, 4, 21, 48), 'userName': 'TreenerBeener'}, {'title': 'I am OBSESSED', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have had this game for 7 years, have completed over 1600 levels, and am always excited to play - it is the only game that I have consistently had on my iPad and phone ever since I started having a phone and iPad. It has gotten me through the last year of Middle School, High School, and the first year and a half of Engineering School.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 1, 2, 57, 8), 'userName': 'OrchestraViola'}, {'title': 'Very relaxing', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is probably the best app game ever! Very interesting, works your mind, %100 you’ll leave all your worries behind while you’re playing the game , completely relaxing ! Also so awesome how by changing the colors , it seems like you’re playing a new field , even though you solved it already! Thank you for this fantastic app!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 30, 4, 38, 30), 'userName': 'Helga M 7'}, {'title': 'Would give 10 stars if I could', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Minimalistic, yet perfectly intricate puzzles that can take you either 10 seconds or up <5 minutes each to complete. Currently my favorite pass-time, and perfect for when you encounter long waits that can build up boredom. Simply put; genius game, wish I thought of it myself.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 2, 5, 59, 51), 'userName': 'mayuhwi'}, {'title': 'Childhood game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'So recently I’ve been trying to find some of the games I used to play on my mom’s iPhone 4 and I couldn’t find any I heard that a new update deleted tons of iPhone apps so I went with that however this game and falldown are the only 2 that remain and this game is fun puzzling and great for long road trips or free time! Guranteed or your money back!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 23, 13, 21, 22), 'userName': 'Barbairan king'}, {'title': 'New suggestion', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Flow is one of my favorite games.  I’ve perfected almost all of the levels but I have one complaint.  I like to go very fast when I’m completing my puzzles which makes me crash into lines I have already completed.  Could you add a setting where you can’t run into your other lines and they act like a wall?', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 18, 18, 47, 40), 'userName': 'Mr Poetaetoe'}, {'title': 'Not very balanced', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Finish a 10 second puzzle, watch a 60 second ad. Every time. 10 second puzzle, 60 second ad. Especially lately, since the newest update, I spend way more time watching ads than playing. Just finished watching one that flashed bible verses across the screen for a full minute with no option to close and return to the game until the full ad had finished playing. Otherwise fun game.\n\nEdit: And now the ads have sound even though my phone is on mute, so I can’t play at night anymore without waking up my girlfriend. Thanks.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 24, 4, 6, 18), 'userName': 'JayDubb76'}, {'title': 'Fun app', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like these types of apps and think this one is top notch. My only complaint is that I wish I had not paid to remove the ads. With ads, you had chances to get free hints, something I will not pay for but am willing to watch an ad for. I do need hints once in a while. When they run out, the game gets deleted because I get too frustrated to continue. Not a fault of the game, just me.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 19, 13, 12, 52), 'userName': "I don't get it ---"}, {'title': 'Getsyouhooked', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I am a new novice at the. iPad. So to discover the apps games was exciting,a great way to spend some down time. I chose only a few games to put on so I had some various choices. how to make time fly when I am alone.I simply love this game\nNot all that extra confusing stuff you have to learn to play the game,  just simple fun. That is entertaining', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 24, 3, 40, 48), 'userName': 'sixty newcomer'}, {'title': 'I’ve been playing this game for 9 years', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I downloaded this in 2013 and have been working my way through the packs little by little all this time! I highly recommend. Easy to understand, a dark palette, I get no ads because I paid to remove them years ago. 10/10 puzzle game, thanks Flow team :)', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 4, 20, 36, 56), 'userName': 'MimsyWinters'}, {'title': 'Flow free', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is full of fun. This gives all sorts of people to be interested with the same thing. This app has been a wonderful help to me. You get to use and learn how to apply strategies freely. This app is the best app to play on if you have a couple minutes to spare. Even though some things you haft to pay for additional things the app is really good. I would suggest to buy the new flow free app with extra features.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 14, 16, 30, 41), 'userName': 'Nick3;45'}, {'title': 'This game rocks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 0, 43, 31), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ar-1751V', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s awesome creative and it’s relaxing and it puts a smile  on my face whoever invented this is a very smart person and thank you for inventing this game and I am very proud because I have been playing this game since I was four years old and it’s been my favorite I played it with my grandparents and it’s just been awesome so thank you whoever made this 👍🏽🎥😉😊😄😃😀😁😆'}, {'title': 'Looks gross now', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 12, 7, 28, 32), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'trumplover2020!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve loved this game forever and it’s my go to when i’m bored and have nothing more to do. But, it recently updated I think and now it looks super strange. The original design was more fluid and looks so much better. Now, it’s cluttered and things are hard to find. I guess they were going for a more “modern” look but i just looks terrible. From a long time player, boo game designers why fix something that isn’t broken.'}, {'title': 'Good Game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 12, 22, 41, 53), 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'J-B-3', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'After buying a few levels of this game, I decided to amend my review.\nThough the adverts say “buy any level” and it will stop the ads, this is not true, pay for the packs and you still get ads! Lots of them, and longer ones as time goes on.\n Sad that such a well made game cannot play fair with its promises.  I suggest you DO NOT PAY for this game as they won’t honor their promises to stop ads.  \n\n Flow Free is simple yet complex. Kudos to the makers for coming up with a new and enjoyable game!  Platform seems stable, and so far not too many advertisements to disrupt play.  Recommended!'}, {'title': 'Hypnotizingly great!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 20, 57, 23), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'dog&dig', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is far better than most games designed to waste time. I have spent so much time on this game because it is so good it’s hard to put down! Even the ads aren’t a problem because they are few and far in between. Overall, amazing game and a great way to get through a boring car ride!'}, {'title': 'Flow free', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 30, 8, 49, 30), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'BruthaBear 23', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve beaten every pack, I’ve bought the paid packs and even have a 1,278 day daily puzzle record still going. Awesome game to play whenever, I think that for some of the packs they should get a 2nd pack to go with it. I love when new packs get added so I can finish them and look forward to other new packs.'}, {'title': 'Great but a suggestion?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 20, 16, 9), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'ArisuAmiChan', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "UPDATE: Game is glitching out and freezing. Download and reinstall screwed up my progress and set me back to my last iCloud sync.\n\nI love flow as it's a great time killer!\n\nBut I have a suggestion for the team behind the app. Is there anyway to implement a reward system after a Daily Puzzle set is complete? Hints are a great reward and completing the Daily Puzzles can give more incentive to hard-core flow players."}, {'title': 'Freezing CONSTANTLY', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 15, 8, 1), 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Tkumpfy', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I understand the need for ads, and have been playing the game for years.  However, lately, I open the game, start a puzzle, & it freezes and often crashes.  I’ve even resorted to turning off wi-fi, so I can just play the daily puzzles, but this morning, the same thing is happening with or without wi-fi 😭. I ran the update last night, and shouldn’t have.  I guess it’s time to delete the game, and move on with life.  Please find a way to fix it, for everyone else.'}, {'title': 'Love the game!😛😝😜🤪', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 18, 22, 51, 55), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Love your game........ya', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'The game is really fun but one thing, if you go to higher levels they are not possible. I have tried and tried but it will not work. It’s a really good game. You can skip levels and go back if you think you can do it after a wile. You pass buy the levels very fast. The game is very, very good for passing the time. If you have not played it you need to. You will love it. Trust me.'}, {'title': 'Pure Fun, and challenging.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 28, 4, 45, 24), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'R. Happy Pappy', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game. I have been put thru several work ability, and mind tests. That revealed I have a high ability to look at something, and figure it out quickly. So this is more than a game. It is a mental mind builder. It exercises the brain to solve the problem. Plus it is just outright fun to complete each level.'}, {'title': 'AMAZING🤗', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 1, 23, 19, 16), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'I eat 🦄💩 which is glitter', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really enjoy FLOW FREE because of how easy it is. I also like how few ads there are. In other apps and games I have downloaded on my phone there are ads almost every two minutes but with FLOW FREE there is usually an ad every eight or nine minutes. With that being said I think that FLOW FREE is an AMAZING game and I highly recommend it. So go try it out!!!'}, {'title': 'New design', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 15, 21, 37, 18), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'memo aka ad', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I really love this game and i have been playing it since more than 1200 days ( apx 3 years ) on a daily basis but I prefer the old version / design , i didn't like the new design and i hope that you will make a button to switch between the old and new design to gain the favor of all your players and costumers \nPs : I really hope to take my review into consideration"}, {'title': 'Satsisfying and awesome!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 12, 1, 33, 39), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'allison lakers', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have awful anxiety like tia not good and this is the only game that settles me down! It’s so stress relieving and there are hardly ANY adds which is awesome! Any other app I love has sooo many adds!! But this game I’ve had for a while I’ve literally had 5 adds total so that’s prove this app is so great!! Honestly love this game so much pls get it if you need a stress reliever app😊'}, {'title': 'Awesome Relaxing App!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 5, 0, 19), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'KittyKatofNewOrleans', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app is awesome. Unlike other apps like it, the ads re reasonably spread apart. I was able to go through 11 levels before I got to an ad. I have found no bugs so far, and each level is satisfyingly harder than the last. This is a wonderful app for killing time and relieving stress, and I encourage you to download it.'}, {'title': 'Mind blown🙉🙉🙉🙉🙉🙉🙉', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 28, 1, 11, 49), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Ipad freemaker', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I,v had this game for a week and already have 50 levals left in the first pack please do not listen to the people who say it is so easy it to easy or has no skill because i get yeeled at for not turning off my ipad because it is so addicting and challenging but the easy ones are hard and the hard ones are easy'}, {'title': 'Mixed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 22, 20, 7), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Rebel12520', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I am mixed on this game.  I enjoy playing, but after buying the “add free” version, I found the only way to get hints is to buy them, of watch a 30 second add for another game. So add free is a bit of a stretch.  You should be able to earn hints, every 10 perfect games?  Completing a level, and if you still need more watch the commercials. Just out of principle. I will NEVER download anything that is advertised on this game.  Low money bait and switch.'}, {'title': 'Awesome Game!!!!!!!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 16, 42, 52), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'FFF: Flow Free Fan', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I think this game should be recommended to everyone, because it is very nice and educational, and can be very fun to play when you’re bored. The reason why I would give this game five in a half stars, is that every ten levels there is a really long ad.  But that is the only reason. So in conclusion, I highly recomend this app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'}, {'title': 'I like this a lot but', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 13, 4, 27, 39), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Stayuplatemom', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "What happened to the daily games?? I accidentally deleted the app from my phone and I had 400 days of playing and when I re-loaded it to my phone there are no daily games anymore although in the description of the app it says there are daily games! I would really like them back. If I can't play those I may just permanently delete it  although I really don't want to. Right now I'm just bummed."}, {'title': 'Been working fine until two days ago', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 2, 14, 31, 18), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Pray4Turtles', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Been working fine and have never had any issues previous..... but in the last three days the app will open but will not function meaning when you tap/select it will not respond.'}, {'title': 'Have less & shorter ads!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 20, 12, 43), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'TheScript135', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game, however with the number of 15 second to two minute ads along with there being any where from one to five, how you think a player will enjoy playing this relaxing game.\nOverall, I love this game, but the number of ads needs to be minimized or eliminated, otherwise a well thought out and well made game. :)'}, {'title': 'Love this game, but one problem', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 7, 18, 7, 6), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Eva Scali', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I love the game so much. And I think there is just one problem. There's way TO MANY adds! It is so annoying.😡😡😡😩😩😩 Please make it stop. But I and still giving it 5 stars because it helps me be smarter, and it is fun.👏🏻😊😄😘😍😍 I might be only 9, but that does not mean I can only say good things about everything."}, {'userName': 'pate100000000000000000000', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I personally think this is a great game especially\nFor people between 12 and 13 years old I personally think it helps them think outside the box on where shapes might fit or not certainly I \nThink there’s no problem with anybody playing it \nBut it helps kids in my opinion', 'title': 'I give it a 5', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 24, 4, 51, 6)}, {'userName': 'No lunch for me', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I don’t understand why the ads have changed! It used to be that you could exit from the ad rather quickly, but there is no longer any way out other than to let it run until it finishes. The ads are all for stupid games that I have absolutely no interest in trying and they’re way too long', 'title': 'Ads, ads, ads!!!!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 1, 14, 14, 55)}, {'userName': 'cjromb', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Love love this game. First I went through all the boards, just completing them. Then I went back through all the boards and completed them perfectly so each board had a star. I play the daily challenge every single day. \n\nAnd now? They just released more boards, and more kinds of boards, and they're SUPER fun! I love the Party Pack and the Courtyard Pack. \n\nAnd the visual feedback of where your end dot is, is fantastic for when the dots are small, or it's dark and hard to tell color difference. \n\nThank you for a great game!\n\nAnd for the person who's complaining about the ads? BUY THE GAME; problem solved!", 'title': "I've been in love for over 221 days!", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 26, 23, 2, 35)}, {'userName': 'Msmolokai', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game, I’m hooked on it. It was freezing up so I deleted it, and the version I got back had tons of ads on it. I thought this was fishy because I spent $4.99 for the full version. I emailed the app support and they were very helpful and told me how to get it fixed. Now I’m back to playing again.', 'title': 'Great game, simple and relaxing', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12347138, 'body': 'Great, glad it’s work\xading now.  Thanks for the up\xaddate!', 'modified': '2019-12-11T23:10:39Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 9, 20, 56, 43)}, {'userName': 'Sydster96', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing this game for way over 5 years. I love how challenging it can be and his they introduced different types of flows but I enjoy the original ones the most. I’ve gotten so good that I make stars on every puzzle and have completed them all. I’m currently waiting on more new puzzles !', 'title': 'Only game I play !', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 6, 1, 23, 50)}, {'userName': 'Michael_Mayfire', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Played this game for like 3 years.. every now and then I’ll hop back on. It’s the perfect game to challenge you and cure your boredom. Yet, it isn’t unnecessarily difficult. It’s not clunky, over-engineered, 5 stars for sure. Adds aren’t even a problem for me tbh. You’ll have that with all free games anyway. Overall, one of the best quick Boredom cures!', 'title': 'Yeppers', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 7, 7, 11, 6)}, {'userName': 'Elephant Boy 1898', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Of all the many iPhone games I’ve played over the last 9 years, this is my very favorite. Whenever I solve all the thousands of puzzles (currently 5,490 + daily), which can take weeks, I put it aside for a couple months then I can’t help but start over again. \n\nThere should be Flow Free championships!', 'title': 'Love this game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 20, 20, 24, 5)}, {'userName': 'yogasloth', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is my all-time favorite game.\nThank you for your latest new features! \nHaving solved all puzzles a long time ago, I love that I can now see on the landing page when new puzzles have been added. I love the new Time Warp package and especially the weekly puzzles. Please keep them challenging!', 'title': 'Love the latest update!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 7, 23, 40, 8)}, {'userName': 'Yrjfhdbdneje', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I just got this game, and it’s already so awesome. It’s a very fun puzzle game for people looking for a challenge. There’s almost never ending fun to enjoy with this game. There are even daily puzzles in case you get bored with the actual levels. Overall, would highly recommend this to people who enjoy games like Tetris.', 'title': 'This is a fun game.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 2, 4, 14, 50)}, {'userName': 'Alexbot2009', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I think that this game is great I am a child of course but I love the game sometimes it can be hard but it helps me with problem solving and other things of course I am a child but a child can be lazy clumsy annoying really anything but this game is challenging the kid kind of to see if they can figure something out.', 'title': 'How this game is good.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 25, 16, 35, 51)}, {'userName': 'Floobus Johnson', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Very clever ingenious challenging puzzles! I love the variety and always feel good when I finish a streak of mind bending levels. I paid for extra levels and now I keep getting NEW free levels of different shapes and difficulties. I like the other Free Flow products as well but this is my favorite.\n\nHighly recommended 👍🏻😄', 'title': 'One of The Best Puzzle Games', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 16, 5, 36, 36)}, {'userName': 'Lake2463', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have had flow free almost my entire life, and it helps me when I’m stressed, when I’m crying it makes me calm, and it’s a great way to just swipe those feelings away. I’ve had his game since I was 5, and it has comforted me my entire life up until this moment. I would highly recommend such a influential game. And a calming one too.', 'title': 'AMAZING', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 9, 1, 43, 25)}, {'userName': 'InfernoFGC', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Recently I have installed Flow Free because when I was younger I loved this game, so I decided to reinstall it and its been one of my beat decisions, I love Flow Free. Its a fun easy puzzle games with some puzzles you need to pay attention to and I love it. Thank you for making This Amazing Game and to who ever sees this who wants to download it I recommend doing so.', 'title': 'Amazing game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 11, 8, 1)}, {'userName': 'Slick nick the trick stick', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Always thought this was a fun game, AND now I think it’s even MORE fun, now that they they make you watch a 2 minute ad EVERY time you beat a level (ads for other crappy games, where they probably make you watch 2 minute ads for flow-free). \nChanged my rating from 5 stars to 1 (basically took away one star for every 2 minute ad I had to watch before I got sick of (what used to be) an actually fun game)\n\nI give this app 1 star for the fun I actually have, and 4 thumbs down for how much time it wastes of your life on ads\n⭐️👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼', 'title': '20 minute ads', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 9, 3, 40, 12)}, {'userName': 'TheWeirdUnicorn56578', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is by far the most relaxing game I have ever had. There is only about five ads per 15 minutes and is not like the other games where there is 3 ads every 5 minutes. There is so many levels and provides me hours of enjoyment and I definitely recommend getting this app!!', 'title': 'AMAZING!!!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 22, 20, 31, 25)}, {'userName': 'Squirt95', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve had this game 100% since it first came out, like 7 years ago. It is the only game I keep on my phone and I avoid using the hints as much as possible. It’s so relaxing and makes me think and use parts of my brain I probably don’t normally use. Cannot recommend it enough', 'title': 'My Longest Relationship', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 2, 41, 8)}, {'userName': 'Gwen, Houston', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My 10 year old grand daughter introduced me to the game two years ago. I was immediately addicted. So much fun! She and I can now play the 9x9 grid. I like this game because it develops visual planning, flexibility, concentration, attention span, patience, and eye-finger coordination in young kids. This app should be used in the classrooms, and after school programs.', 'title': 'Flow Free Review', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 26, 0, 29, 1)}, {'userName': 'ZRYETZOAN', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Absolutely in love with this app, and I’m not into games at all so that should say enough. The only problem is that there aren’t enough updates !!! Right now I can only do Daily Puzzles and they’re either super easy or not that many. Please update it more frequently. Other than that it’s a perfect game', 'title': 'In Love', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 30, 6, 22, 11)}, {'userName': 'FTICR39128', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I think this game is super fun relaxing and Practical there’s very few adds no glitches and it’s  very very very fun! it’s hard to stop playing the game and it’s great on car trips because it passes the time and if you need help you can always get a hint without running out I think you should get it!!”', 'title': 'Amazing game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 6, 16, 53, 13)}, {'userName': 'syddd:)', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This app helps me when i’m stressed. When i have nothing else to do i play this and it calms me down a lot. I had this app years ago and then i forgot about it. But, my friend had this app on her phone and i got addicted to it pretty quickly so i decided to download it on my phone and i do not regret it!:)', 'title': 'amazing app', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 23, 21, 58, 56)}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 22, 17, 41, 10), 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game on and off at almost every update since I got my first iPhone as a junior in high school. Six years later I’m still playing it so that should definitely tell you something. \n\nIt’s a simple game with a simple idea: fill the board by matching the colors. \n\nAt it’s easiest it takes about 10 seconds to solve a puzzle and at its hardest a few minutes. It’s a great way to spend time whenever you’ve got a quick break in a hectic day but you don’t want to be overwhelmed by too much going on on your screen.\n\nI’ve always recommended this game and I always will!', 'userName': 'Churritomang', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 7, 25, 33), 'review': 'I love this game, it is really addictive and I can spend hours going through the levels. The reason I’m giving it 2 stars is because I made an in app purchase today to go ad free, but then the game started glitching to where I can’t really play bc it’s not being responsive to touch so I uninstalled and reinstalled the game, but now the ads are back even though I opted to sync my data from the iCloud files. Please help resolve this issue. Thanks', 'userName': 'wlynn814', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Game is great, issue with in app purchase', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 17, 17, 38, 52), 'review': 'Honestly, the main reason this is getting.a 5 star review is because I’m super bored doing online meetings and this is a game that not only wakes up your mind but it’s also something that’s mindless enough for me that I can still concentrate on school while playing this game :)', 'userName': 'Unicornitopiatakanala', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Just a girl who’s bored doing online school', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 16, 16, 38, 53), 'review': 'I like this game and have played it for a few years, losing interest for awhile and then coming back to it. I don’t like any of the supposed improvements like the different shapes, bridges, etc, bah. In the basic game, I think they added the little wiggle and that made it worse IMO, though I can tolerate it pretty well now. All in all, a nice game with a good satisfaction level. Thanks!', 'userName': 'fafoo322', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'nice game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 28, 19, 2, 57), 'review': 'This app is seriously fantastic! Is a visually impaired player, I love the bright colors and contrast of it; it makes it very easy to play. And it is a nice challenge! The only reason I give it four stars is because the menus are not read with voiceover. I will send an email about this, but figured I would point it out. :-)', 'userName': 'PickyJJ', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Addicted to this app, just wish the menus were accessible', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 4, 19, 58, 19), 'review': 'Ads? Haven’t seen a single one in years after buying the ability to turn them off. The people who complain are the freemium players. They want the experience, but are too cheap to drop $5 to support the Dev of a wonderful game.\n\nOne of my favorite iPhone games. I’ve spent many hours playing this over the years. The extremes are my favorite, although I wish there were more. I don’t like to use hints, and have a bad habit of restarting a level if I screw up a line, trying to nail the perfect in a single go.\n\nGreat time waster. Needs more extreme levels.\n\nDefinitely recommend this game to others.', 'userName': 'Strudelhouse', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 0, 47, 51), 'review': 'Amazing game, takes little to no space, doesn’t need WiFi to play, simple to learn, but sometimes with very hard levels. And I know about all the people who put one stars for all the ads, but all you have to do is turn off WiFi and most the ads will go', 'userName': 'JoeThou', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Perfect game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 14, 11, 59, 20), 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for years and love it! Even the unpaid is reasonable game play versus how often you have to watch an add bit it’s awesome to find a game developer that charges a reasonable price to remove adds. There’s plenty of levels to keep you going for a long time!\n\nBravo to the developer of this game, great job!', 'userName': 'Kevin Orlando', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 15, 12, 15, 45), 'review': 'I have a addiction to the this game!!! I literally can’t stop playing it no matter how hard I try! So to everyone who is looking at this, I can tell you this is the best game on the App Store!!!! And also, To all the grown ups I’m a teenager so IDK if you will take my Review to granted but, I do everything to help other people! THANK YOU FOR READING MY REVIEW!!!!!', 'userName': 'WORST GAME EVER MADE!!!!!!!!!!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best Game on the App Store!!!!😍😍😍', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 1, 16, 18, 33), 'review': "This app is the most creative app I've downloaded so far my whole life. If you need a break from big universe super hard games definitely check this out. I say it's more stress relieving than coloring apps. It's the best app you could wish for. Definitely try this app. Thank you for your time.", 'userName': 'sillygally99', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Perfect', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 4, 24, 57), 'review': 'I give this game 5 stars because of the game itself. I love the idea of the game, and the colors. It really inspires me a lot. I get a lot of ideas from this game. It has a few quirks, but I love the app. Like one of the flaws in my opinion, I wish there were more gamemodes. But other than the flaws and quirks, it’s a great game.', 'userName': 'gu3gurl', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great Graphics!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 15, 12, 57, 47), 'review': 'I’ve been playing this for years. I have completed every puzzle with a perfect score. I have completed the daily puzzles for over 1,000 days. \n\nI wish there was some type of reward for continuous play. Maybe unlock a level for us?  At a minimum some confetti on our screen?  Reward me for continuous play and I will up you to 5 Stars.', 'userName': 'Anrana S', 'rating': 4, 'title': '1000+ day streak', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 14, 13, 32, 4), 'review': 'This is a fun game I can play this for hours straight without getting bored. However every few levels you will have an add sometimes when the add is done the screen will go a little dark and the x will not work so you have to swipe out of the app. It is still a good game and I highly recommend it so if you get this game you will have fun.', 'userName': 'jehc dhs7snshsbd', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Good game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 13, 1, 25, 35), 'review': 'This app used to be wonderful! But recently it changed, so that there is a one minute long ad every six levels. It does get a bit annoying after a while. \n    Other than that I do recommend this game for passing the time. It is fun, and you can change your color schemes. \n    Very disappointed about the constant ads, though. It used to be a great app with no ads at all.', 'userName': 'Peas"n"Butter', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Went Downhill', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 4, 19, 42, 23), 'review': 'I find this harder than the Hexes version, especially with the larger levels. I paid the small charge to remove ads. Well worth it. Love the daily puzzles, which range from super-easy to frustratingly difficult. I have never felt the need to use a hint.', 'userName': 'ItsCosmo', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Simple concept. Perfectly executed.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 19, 18, 50, 15), 'review': 'I love this game a lot but some times it can be difficult but you should still keep trying until you get it because if you don’t then you won’t succeed so just try and you will succeed and be successful at anything that you do like homework your job anything you will succeed', 'userName': 'hazelnutyay', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Flow free', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 21, 2, 6, 56), 'review': 'I absolutely love this game. It helps so much when I need a distraction from life or need to relax, but also keeps my brain challenged in a great way! Although, we need more packs! I even bought all the extra ones and want more... I guess it goes to show how great the app is!', 'userName': 'Shaibndje', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Relaxing but challenging.. need more packs!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 23, 13, 21, 46), 'review': "I love this app and all of the Flow apps but after the recent updates, the app crashes after launching unless wifi is turned off. So I've had to turn off my wifi whenever I wanted to play but other than that the app is perfect.", 'userName': 'Stewacon', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great App! Crashes sometimes though...', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 9, 18, 8, 1), 'review': "I have been playing Flow Free for almost a year, and I find it so relaxing!  The only thing stopping me from giving it a five star review is that I can't seem to earn more hints. Most games give you free hints after completing certain levels or a certain number of days, but that's not the case here.  Otherwise it's the best game ever.  I could play this game all day!", 'userName': 'Annie_F', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love this game!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 31, 2, 28, 46), 'review': "I enjoyed these puzzles and completed most of the packs. After a 30 day streak, I opened the app back up just to see that all my progress tracking was reset to zero. I had done nothing to prompt this. I didn't want to have to redo the hundreds and hundreds of puzzles again, only to have my progress reset randomly, so I sadly deleted the app.", 'userName': 'Anonymous424242', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Good puzzles, but reset my data without prompting', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Excellent game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'gbu ugbunuhuh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 3, 4, 11), 'review': 'I personally love this game. It’s absolutely incredible. It’s more than I can bare. It relaxing and makes you really think hard about what you’re gonna do next what is your next option, choice. I wish I could write more but words can’t feel how much this game is wonderful.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Best game everrr', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'unicornmeli2813', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 9, 18, 55, 10), 'review': 'I used to play this with my grandpas phone a lot and I just recently saw a video of someone playing it and it brought back so many memories!! So I ran to the App Store to get it, 10/10 recommend this app if you played it before and are looking for a blast from the past you’ll loveeee it!', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'FlowFree', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Beaux The Vizsla', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 13, 48, 43), 'review': 'When I first got this I didn’t really care about it. Now I’m trying to star every level on all the different Flow Frees. I only have one request. I would love it if we could do challenges against other people. Like a Flow Free tournament, first to finish the puzzle gets a point, best two out of three.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'So relaxing', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'elephant princess123456789', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 27, 18, 22, 22), 'review': 'I personally love this game it is one of my personal favorites. I love this app because it is so relaxing. Whenever I feel stressed or just sad or mad this app will always help. I definitely recommend this app though on the last level it can get pretty challenging. You should totally get it.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Just as It used to be', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'RandomMemeLover', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 23, 20, 42, 9), 'review': 'I love this game and it’s my go to game for long hours. There’s so many levels and you can choose however hard you want them to be. Honestly I give it a five. There are hardly any ads at all. If you haven’t played it before I suggest this game (that is if you want😂)', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Game is good, ads are a problem', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nohbody5294', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 10, 18, 28, 2), 'review': 'The game itself is fun, a decent way to spend time and exercise your spacial senses, but I almost never play for more than a round or two because the ads are very long and the process to skip them is consistently hidden or otherwise complicated, to the point that it’s less painful to close the app and come back later, so it loses some points there.', 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Fix a bug', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dustin Seufert', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 28, 16, 52, 31), 'review': 'Great game have been playing it for well over 6 years probably longer. Recently been freezing when I open another app or the notification drop down menu. Doesn’t freeze if I close flow then open another app though.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Fun game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '4DTrini', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 12, 38, 8), 'review': 'I have been playing this game for some time now.  It starts off easy and increasingly becomes more challenging.  The way the game is played is...you have to connect the colors that match.  Each time you’ve solved the puzzle the next puzzle becomes more challenging.  I love a challenge.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'It used to be better', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BubbleMonkey225', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 7, 30, 59), 'review': 'After the newest update there has been way more adds than normal and the changed the graphics. don’t get me wrong it’s a good game but the adds get super annoying. it’s not unbearable like a lot of games but it used to only have one or two every few rounds but now it’s like one every other round or game', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Great Brain Food!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'joiemcclements', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 22, 8, 58), 'review': 'This game spans every level from entertaining to very challenging. I love the daily puzzles. I feel this game helps keep my brain sharp. Some puzzles follow a fairly predictable framework, while others require quite a bit of creative investigation to solve. I recommend it frequently to friends.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Awesome app, changes needed', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MckinnonGrl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 15, 1, 32, 36), 'review': 'This app is awesome! Are use it all the time, but the in app purchases to be able to play more fun rounds are getting on my nerves. I love doing logic puzzles but when I have to pay 20 bucks to learn logic puzzle it really makes me mad. But this is probably one of my most used apps! It is very fun but the best thing is probably that there are like no ads!', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'New "flower"', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sotmhg', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 5, 1, 25, 40), 'review': "This is an awesome game! It starts very easy and about when you think you will not be challenged BAM you're scratching your head and having to get really creative to solve the puzzle. I see now they have other versions too. It's going to be too easy to get lost in this little gem.", 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'SHEEESH 🔥🔥🌝', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '👁👄👁. um', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 0, 17, 16), 'review': 'Me and my mom love this game, and I’ve been playing this a lot since I’ve got it again years later. It feels so good for my brain to refresh, and tbh I don’t really mind the adds ( usually I hate em ). \nSo I hope this game never gets deleted, because I think it’s now my favorite puzzle game!! \n\nThanks for reading<3', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'AMAZING!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chase / Javier / Thrasher', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 20, 22, 8, 25), 'review': 'I used to play this when I was around eight or five. Man, the memories this brings is shocking! I played this about everyday growing up. Finding this game again made my day so much better and I’ll never stop loving it. Time really flies by fast! Love this game, amazing! So relaxing and enjoyable to keep redoing once you’ve finished!', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Fun, but an issue', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kitop310', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 4, 14, 59, 20), 'review': 'Fun game, especially if you add the additional personal challenge of “complete the flows in alphabetical order.”\n\nHowever, this week the progress of the weekly challenges is NOT saving. Earlier this week I got through level 16, but now I can do the rest of the levels, get stars on all the levels, seen when going back to the level select. But if I exit the game and come back in later, all that progress beyond level 16 is gone.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23214918, 'body': 'Thanks for playing and sorry for the trouble. This issue is fixed in the latest version 4.3 update which is available now from the Flow Free page in the App Store.', 'modified': '2021-06-06T02:13:07Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'Simplistic idea with a great execution', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chikensr0ck', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 17, 28, 23), 'review': 'This game is so simple in concept but allows for difficult puzzles. Once you get the hang of it though, you’ll start breezing through puzzles without really thinking. Sometimes though, you’ll find one that really makes you think.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Helps me feel focused', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'WildTigerDawn', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 19, 17, 38, 18), 'review': "I have always been struggling with stress and anxiety, and this game helps me chill out a lot. It increases my focus, while the whole time being really fun! It's also an offline game, it doesn't need Wifi, and since I travel a lot, this game helps kill transit time. Awesome game, I totally recommend it!!!", 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Amazing', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'takennick20573', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 6, 11, 53, 35), 'review': 'This is such a great game! It is very entertaining and challenging and had over 100 levels!. You guys should add new packs more often though. I’ve already completed all my packs and got starts on all of them and only doing the daily challenges everyday is kinda boring', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'What’s with the long advertisements?', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cndavis', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 28, 2, 15, 57), 'review': 'This is one of my favorite games on my phone, but recently the short 5-second ads have turned into annoying 30-second ads. There is nothing to do but wait for the ad to finish. I’m actually ready to pay $ to avoid the ads (which I suppose is the idea).', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Amazing game! But...', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '👋🏻Annie👋🏻', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 16, 21, 31, 6), 'review': 'First of all, I love your game! It’s addicting and super fun! But.. It’s too dark. Sure, you can say it makes the colors in the game show, but.. I don’t like how it’s a amazing game but in the back of it it’s just... Black. Otherwise, it’s terrific! I love it! But please, follow my advice. The black screen just makes it look boring... Thanks!', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game. I’ve been playing it almost every day since my friend introduced me to it about five years ago. We will played it together every day over the phone when she became ill and had to move. Now I play in her honor. It’s improved my brain power too.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 6, 39, 9), 'title': 'Great Game Played with a Great Friend', 'userName': 'Kanna Draah'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game!!!! I am a BIG puzzle fan. I am also a music. This app will let me listen to my music!! This is awesome. I have had it around quarantine started. I have done A LOT of levels. I don’t get very many adds. I get adds about every 6 to 7 levels and when I get the hints.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 0, 8, 48), 'title': 'Would recommend', 'userName': 'James Pulley'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Flow Free was one of the first games I downloaded onto my first iPhone, and all these years later it’s still my favorite game. It’s so simple that it’s relaxing, but some of the boards are complicated enough that it never gets boring. I feel like it’s helping my real life spatial reasoning skills, too. Great game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 27, 8, 33, 16), 'title': 'My favorite game', 'userName': 'MC5784'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I really like this game, was going to spend the $4.99, cause I felt it was worth it til I could no longer watch ads to get hints, instead I have to watch ads by the game with no reward. It’s a shame cause this game is so much fun, it’s fun, easy.. then challenging like it so much, & being quarantined this game would of been worth it... sigh, I hope the option comes back to watch ads to get hints!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 6, 0, 18, 20), 'title': 'Disappointed', 'userName': 'gameisdisappointing'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Last few days hangs will open and then nothing no response to touch.  have to unload app run then will work once then hang again.  Played very reliably until a few days ago!!!  fix it!!!!\n\nUpdate: well it seems they got the Google ads to work at the bottom of the screen but the screen is still unresponsive to touch.  Guess we know where their priorities are....nothing more then a big ad app that cant be played only uninstalled.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 2, 13, 56, 45), 'title': 'Use to be good but freezes on opening now', 'userName': 'vortex44'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I did not lie on the title it is really awesome I completed the game and I wish you would make more but I think there should be more inside the game I think you should add some mini games and stuff like that hopefully you guys see this and get the game too it’s really awesome congrats on making such a awesome game! 👏👏😁😊😋🙃', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 16, 19, 25, 46), 'title': 'This game is awesome', 'userName': 'pink fluffy unicorn kmg'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Please the new update , the formatting ? it’s ugly af give me the original back it’s so ugly idk why im so upset it’s like the doritos logo change all over again. I thought my daily challenge streak was gone because I didn’t know you guys updated it’s layout I was so distraught im at 241 day streak omg....it’s so ugly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 6, 5, 11, 57), 'title': 'i love it but', 'userName': 'Matthew V.C'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': "The game can be fun, but the ads are HORRIBLE!!!!\nIf you love looking at ads 24/7 then get the app, I dare you. \nBut if you are like me and you hate looking at games that nobody wants to get because the inventors are lousy pricks just looking for money then DON'T GET THE APP!!! \nAnyway I am not trying to encourage you not to get the app, I am just looking out for you, because if I play that game 1 more time and see an ad, then I will start pulling hair out!!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 18, 3, 15, 9), 'title': 'Eh?', 'userName': 'Sammied05'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The game keeps freezing just seconds after opening! I love this game though and have been playing it for years (trying to keep that daily streak going). I would really love for this to be fixed so that I can keep playing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 15, 12, 37), 'title': 'Freezing', 'userName': 'THE BEST APP IM THE WORLD!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'My friend told me to download this app I saw how many games in the app that were available so I did one round in each of the games in my opinion party pack was my fav now that is the only app I am playing on my phone. Download this app and experience all the games u can play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 20, 21, 14, 40), 'title': 'About the app', 'userName': '🤩🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤩'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This is my most played app game on my phone. The game is great with and without the in app purchases. There is a large selection of levels, and daily levels are put out each day. There is nothing else to say other than this game is worth downloading', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 18, 14, 58, 41), 'title': 'So relaxing', 'userName': 'AnAppPerson<<110'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I never buy apps but this one I had too. I bought the ad-free version which also gave more levels. It’s a fun way to pass the time. It definitely gets your mind working on certain levels. Fun game. I recommend it for sure', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 7, 12, 1, 58), 'title': 'Favorite way to pass time', 'userName': 'ladybugthunder'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Love this simple and at times complex game. The upper levels start to make one think, in a good way. Can be addicting. I find setting a timer helps me from spending hours on end playing. Love the colors. So far no need for in app purchases. Appreciate thus aspect being on disability. Kudos to the developers!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 13, 2, 45, 16), 'title': 'Elderly female', 'userName': 'PKlip'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve played Free Flow 1478 days in a row. I don’t have a streak on another game that even comes close. The daily challenge is part of my morning routine. The puzzles are fun, not too hard, but require you to think. I paid for the no ad version years ago and have no regrets.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 12, 6, 8, 20), 'title': 'Love this game!', 'userName': 'Loristoyz'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this app!!!!! Everyone should play it! It is a great mind game and time killer and I can’t stop playing it!!!😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁  have I mentioned I love this app? Only one thing, I think that shouldn’t have to pay to get all the fancy theme colors! I used to have a game like that and I deleted it right away!!!! And I really don’t want to have to do that with this app!!!!😭😭😭😭', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 20, 22, 55, 58), 'title': 'Awesome', 'userName': 'kittygirl17😁'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': "It's a lot of fun. Not great for big fingers on small screen. Game seems to lead your string astray negating your perfect game. Takes me  ridiculous attempts to get it perfect. Yeah, I’m fussy that way.  By the way, I tried to reset my achievement to reflect my efforts to have every game shown as eventually being perfect (all stars) only to discover it won’t let me reset the achievements.  I’ve moved on to another game after completing all but two of the game categories.\nGood Luck to you!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 13, 0, 15, 32), 'title': 'Freeflow', 'userName': 'Just Chip'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I play this game on both my iPhone and iPad and have completed all the levels, but when I tried to load more of the \nsame game types there is none. I send a email to the support \nasking if I could buy more games but they say there is no more. I guess I will try doing a Reset and see if I can start over.\n\nKen', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 19, 1, 45, 10), 'title': 'I Really Love it-But?', 'userName': 'gklowe'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I like this game a lot. It allows beginners to start slow with the 5x5, and more experienced players to challenge themselves with 10x10 boards, and more. It’s a pretty good game for completely free. Only complaint is about buying the ad-free option, but it’s a small thing. Pretty nice game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 10, 18, 17), 'title': 'Good game, why the ads?', 'userName': 'no. just no. i do not exist.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Adding, a year+ ago, the daily puzzles tipped me into a consistent player.\n\nWould be nice if the ads on my iPad stopped showing a portrait ad in landscape mode. The only way out, with the dismiss option off the top, is to close and reenter. The game itself is portrait so just don’t rotate away.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 2, 59, 12), 'title': 'Love this game', 'userName': 'NoeR2B'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'There are apps out there who are fun and addictive But because of that they get boring quickly. Games like this have enough fun and excitement that’s not to much that it’ll push people away, but not to less that it’ll bore its players \nKEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYS \nYou’re consumers are expecting it ✌🏽', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 22, 13, 49), 'title': 'FUN, Addictive but not to much', 'userName': 'Book of spells'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game like seriously it is addicting relaxing and amazing thank u so much for making this game and also the levels are not to hard not to easy and their are not many ads and just thank u for making this game now to continue playing it 😀😄😉🤗', 'userName': 'fartnite masterrrr', 'title': 'Most relaxing game ever', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 20, 0, 15, 11)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is very relaxing and has very few ads, though, I don’t know why you would pay for something that doesn’t happen very often, such as ads, and It’s a little ridiculous. But other than that, it’s an amazing game!', 'userName': 'teasis👁👄👁', 'title': 'Relaxing', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 5, 53, 22)}, {'rating': 2, 'review': "When I got this game yesterday I was literally addicted. I played for two whole hours that day. Now it's just boring. You connect the dots. I feel like I wasted a bunch of my time (well actually if you play games at all you're wasting your time) when I could've been doing something much more productive. It's a fun game---for maybe a day. Then you're gonna feel like you wasted your time. Take my advice. I learned it the hard way.", 'userName': 'olibong8', 'title': 'Gets old', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 29, 23, 55, 47)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I have been playing this game off and on for almost 3 years. I have a 998 day streak right now, and that’s with missing a day a few times. I have finally completed every pack that they have and I can’t wait to see what else they add!', 'userName': '📕📕📕📕', 'title': 'I am obsessed with this game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 28, 2, 0, 11)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve played this game for a couple years now and I’ve haven’t finished all of the free puzzles yet. Along with the many free packs continuously added though updates, you may never have to spend a penny to keep yourself entertained', 'userName': 'Coolman5464', 'title': 'A free version of an app done right', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 21, 14, 17, 42)}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I enjoy the quick rounds of this game.  None if the annoying sounds and animations that have made me delete other games, just a straightforward challenge to connect each pair of dots without having any of the connections interrupt each other.', 'userName': 'RaeHolmen', 'title': 'Fun game uses a different part of my brain than word games do', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 26, 20, 6, 22)}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game a lot and think it is a 5 star app, but lately it has been freezing after a little while of being in the app. I don’t know if it’s because I have finished almost all of the packs or if it is something else. So at the moment I’m a little stuck', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12273923, 'body': 'Hi, sorry you’re having trouble with the game.  We’ve made some server changes to try to fix this.  Are you still seeing the game screen freeze, or is it working now?  Please let us know either in your review or by emailing support@bigduckgames.com so we can troubleshoot further.  Thanks!', 'modified': '2019-12-08T15:41:04Z'}, 'userName': 'TrevinatotGame', 'title': 'I love this game a lot, but is having a problem', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 18, 3, 11)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I think the game is good, but I think after you complete all level packs with pack perfect, you should be able to unlock all the level packs in the store without paying(it should be in an update sometime).', 'userName': 'onusabina', 'title': 'When Winning..', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 30, 16, 32, 12)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This is a game that you can kick back, relax, put some music on and just enjoy.  It gives you plenty of free hints (when you watch a video) because sometimes you hit those levels that you need a hint or two.  \nDefinitely worth downloading.', 'userName': 'VolturiGirl', 'title': 'Fun game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 10, 22, 48, 20)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'A super fun and classic game. Very easy to get the hang of and just super fun to play in general. I highly recommend to get all packs and remove ads if you have the time/money as the extra packs add more challenges to the game. Although it is a super fun game to play without any add ons as well! \nA great classic :)', 'userName': 'Riley Bugga!!', 'title': 'A Classic !', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 3, 4, 33, 22)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'There are so many games available for download that just get boring after a while. Flow Free is definitely NOT one of those apps. This simple but fun game goes on forever it seems, and never gets boring. A great way to take a relaxing break from the stress of the real world.', 'userName': 'SaturngirlStevie', 'title': 'Always Fun', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 18, 21, 15, 45)}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'Love this game but the ads that last a minute or longer are infuriating and they freeze up giving you a black screen that you cannot get out of. The only thing you can do is delete the app from your phone and reinstall - losing all your playing history. FIX THIS!!!!!!', 'userName': 'Quill1952', 'title': 'Ads are ruining this great game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 9, 15, 37, 47)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I like this game and that it is not limited by how many levels are in the game. If there were more difficult levels, then I think it would be even better.', 'userName': 'thbh88', 'title': 'Smooth; further improvements possible.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 26, 1, 20, 54)}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I’ve been with this game for YEARS and I’ve completed every single level (I even bought all the packs and completed them) I’m about to finish the 365 day streak thing but I want more levels to come out faster. I understand it takes a while for them to make but please hurry the process', 'userName': 'Abcdefghihklmnopqrstivwxy', 'title': 'Update!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 27, 19, 32, 44)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': "The app is great. There's not too many ads, and the game never crashes. You can play it offline, and that is amazing! The deal is only 5 dollars to remove all ads and get all the level packs! I'm considering whether to buy it. Fun to play when bored!", 'userName': 'Jean1117', 'title': 'Amazing App', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 7, 18, 7, 51)}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I like this game a lot and it’s not boring at all!! It also passes time so I can play well I’m waiting but there are quite a few adds so if there weren’t as many adds I would have given this 5 stars and I do get  there has to be adds to get all their games noticed but not that many adds', 'userName': 'littke g', 'title': 'Love but then add!!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 6, 4, 39, 33)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This was the best game I’ve ever had as a kid, It was so satisfying just to connect all the colors. Whenever there were hard levels I would try so hard. This is such an amazing app, I am downloading it again. Thank you for making my childhood so fun with this games.', 'userName': 'Me!!!! 🌸', 'title': 'Childhood game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 18, 1, 4, 57)}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'This used to be one of my favorite games. I’ve kept it on my phone, even while going through my apps. It’s definitely calming, and a simple yet, complex at times game. So it’s definitely something to keep around. Although now, every time you finish one single grid there is an ad. Like give me a break. I get you need ads, but how about you space them out to every 3rd or 4th grid. I wouldn’t mind that.', 'userName': 'Mdawg Bolte', 'title': 'Flow right to ads', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 1, 38, 24)}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'Today this game seems to be freezing a lot. I was able to get through the daily levels to keep my streak but it took restarting my phone and resetting the app after each level to get through. I love this game and play all 4 versions every day so please fix it.', 'userName': 'xLaDyBuGx', 'title': 'Buggy today', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 16, 51, 58)}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Easy for a while so you become familiar with the moves. Then later it becomes challenging.  This game is addictive and so satisfying when you figure out the right paths for each color! And it’s relaxing, not stressful as some games are. I play games to relax. I have enough stress in real life, lol! Great game!', 'userName': 'Jan in Louisville', 'title': 'Love This Game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 8, 14, 41, 44)}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 7, 16, 34, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '16162633', 'review': 'When you are looking for a fun and challenging game, flow is the way to go. It is fun in a way that you can complete all different kinds of puzzles. It is challenging by the puzzles having to go in certain directions. I totally recommend flow. \n\n                       ❤️Caroline', 'title': 'Flow is the way the go.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 3, 18, 30, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'flown over', 'review': 'While I love this game and play it daily, lately the ads have become so long and obnoxious I’m about to give up on it. I would actually spring for the ad free version but $3.99 seems awfully expensive when so many times I’m replaying the same Games over and over because they do not add new ones often enough. Could you just go back to shorter ads please?', 'title': 'Flow free'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 24, 1, 21, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'All I expected and more', 'review': 'I’ve been doing the daily challenge for over six months now and have cleared most of the standard boards. Happy to get some new games. Keeps me engaged and it’s not a huge time investment. And after solving over 1,500 puzzles, it’s still interesting.', 'title': 'Love it ..'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 1, 3, 30, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mishan_k', 'review': 'With 2316 days played my wife and I compete to see who can complete the daily  first. Sometimes we are traveling and can’t play together. A completion timer would be very nice. Love the addition of the weekly puzzles. Keep up the great work.', 'title': 'Request a puzzle timer'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 31, 3, 52, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sofisticatedmama', 'review': 'The reason I give it a 3 instead of a 5 is because I’ve had to delete the game n re-download it (2) twice because it froze on me. I’m not sure what’s causing it to freeze but if u find out plz fix it cause this game is truly addictive!', 'title': 'I really enjoy it, but....'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 4, 22, 3, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kelc422', 'review': 'I’ve had this app on my phone for years and never experienced ads before. Opened it today and suddenly I’m getting two unskippable ads after every level or two. Each ad is 15 seconds or longer, so at least 30 seconds, which is more time than it takes me to complete a level usually. Such a horrible change, really enjoyed playing this before, but will have to delete. Not worth the forced waiting', 'title': 'Double ads?'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 10, 45, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Zaphod57', 'review': 'It was working  yesterday. Today it is locking up about seven seconds after the game is opened. Closing out and reopening doesn’t fix it. Rebooting the phone doesn’t fix it. \n\nI tried deleting and reinstalling. It not only didn’t fix it, but my purchase was also deleted. No way to restore purchase. Closed and opened again. Game opened in Chinese. \n\nWhat’s going on? I love this game; I was about 80% through it; purchased a pack to eliminate ads. Now, it’s gone.', 'title': 'Game has suddenly stopped working'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 23, 12, 45, 26), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Captain Nickname', 'review': 'Great game, however there’s a small bug where after every couple of levels it will tell me Achievement Unlocked, even though I haven’t actually unlocked one. Not a big deal at all just thought I’d let you know.', 'title': 'A small bug'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 11, 14, 48, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'awesomegame345', 'review': 'This is a really great game to pass the time. It  is easy at first then gets more challenging as you go. Some of the levels are a little too easy, but I know that they have to do that for younger kids. Also, there are some ads but not a frustrating amount. This  is a game that me and my younger sister both love to play!!!!!', 'title': 'Great Game'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 20, 3, 37, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'catbug77', 'review': 'Yeah sure the game is. But it has many problems. When I watch the ad for a hint.  I wasn’t able to exit out the ad when it was it was done. It was blocked. Also I wanted to listen to Music will I played. But out of nowhere music from an ad started to play but there was no ad. So once again I had to close the app out and reopen it.', 'title': 'Needs to be fixed'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 31, 6, 31, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kwkr', 'review': 'This has become my favorite game! There are 300 puzzles for free, yes there are ads but not long ones. Or Have specials come up for new packs, hints, plus no ads for .99 or best one all packs,over1,000 puzzles, no ads for $3. Most are not too hard but a few are tough. Play everyday. I love this game!', 'title': 'Great game'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 26, 19, 45, 45), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Drlebey', 'review': 'I have had this app since my generation one iPad. Many times when looking for a game to play I’m not looking for something super challenging but for something that’s moderately challenging and fun with lots of levels. This game delivers. Thank you for making it.', 'title': 'A lost art in gaming.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 12, 17, 47, 31), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'HackerGirl1010', 'review': 'Thank you Big Duck Games! This is the best app ever! This app is so great I can’t get enough of it. I love how there is samples and that you can change the color. This is good to calm you down and it’s a bit of a challenge, so fun! If you have not gotten this already, what are you waiting for?', 'title': 'It’s awesome!'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 15, 23, 55, 33), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MEEP MEEP MEEP🤟🏼', 'review': 'my little brother has talking Tom on his tablet and I was playing with him bc he asked and I’m like what’s Connect??? Bc I was wondering (it’s a mini game on talking tom) and I started playing and i was HAHH THISSSSS ISSSS FUNNNNN!!!! And so I let him play with HIS tablet so he won’t be mad (he’s 8) and so I was like lemme download it on my phone and I started playing and I’m addicted.😂😂😂😂', 'title': 'OMLLLL'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 5, 19, 13, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jobo4276', 'review': 'Super easy, great way to pass the time, and if your having trouble with ads turn off your wi-fi and cellular data when you play and then turn it back on when you done!', 'title': 'Easy and almost never any ads!!'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 31, 3, 21, 25), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dos47', 'review': 'This game is super fun. I’m a master at this game it is super easy for me. The other levels in the store is cheap. I bought it and I’m not regretting it at all. This is the best game I could ever own. The reason is when I don’t have WiFi and I want to play a game.....BOOM I found my game.😜😂. Thank you for making this game.', 'title': 'Flow Free'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 6, 1, 59, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Karen6789', 'review': 'I was terrible at the higher levels at first but this game is great to increase your spacial aptitude while being a fun. Apps come and go but this one has stuck. I normally do not pay for games but this one is worth it for additional levels', 'title': 'Great deal'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 28, 1, 10, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dvdhfhfvhfbdhxhdn', 'review': 'The first time I got the chance it took my mind off. The first shot in several months it’s been very hard. But good for you to learn more than anything else. If I didn’t have the game I would be a little less fun than I am now and I’m just getting', 'title': 'Free flow'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 5, 53, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jesspurse', 'review': 'Ads were causing the game to freeze. Luckily, disabling all internet access to the app when open worked, but c’mon, guys. I’ve been playing this game over three years, and I love the daily puzzles. Don’t make us have to use workarounds to play your game.', 'title': 'Had to disable wifi and data for it to work'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 13, 12, 41, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'marita sur', 'review': 'I love this game but can’t afford to pay for it at this time ,,,I’m care giver for my I’ll husband .. I need time to chill but not for $$$ paying for the phone is important with traveling to Dr’s and waiting ...have to give up one .. but games are so relaxing.. with Metro I never pd anything.. my mistake for changing..co.', 'title': 'Marita Vasquez'}, {'review': 'Great game!!! I can’t stop playing!! The app is free but gives you a lot to play! There are in app purchases but even if you don’t purchase anything the game is still fun and indicting!! There are over 500 levels to complete and I definitely recommend this app!!', 'userName': 'Sillybunnybrownie42', 'title': 'Flow free', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 30, 15, 3, 21), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'If you are looking for some easy puzzles to pass the time, flow free is the app. I can complete the 5x5 puzzles in less than 10 seconds, and the larger 9x9 or larger in about a minute or two. Once you get the hang of it it is easy and relaxing.', 'userName': "Alex baker '14", 'title': 'Fun, easy, and relaxing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 6, 7, 9, 5), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'All around solid game. Hours of funs. Worth spending the couple bucks to remove ads. Only game worth spending a couple bucks to remove ads. They also are consistently adding new packs/levels in the game! Highly recommend!', 'userName': 'Not_Jaake', 'title': 'Fantastic game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 23, 7, 11, 24), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really do love playing Flow Free. I can honestly say that.  Whenever I play it always relives my stress. I enjoy having daily puzzles and see in what my high score can get to. It’s truly a fun game. I have been into it for about 3 years now and every day it gets more and more fun and exciting.', 'userName': 'emily_kittygirl05', 'title': 'Flow Free', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 21, 1, 58, 1), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have played this game for so long and I’ve gotten so far in the levels! I am so proud of myself that I decided to write a review to show just how great the game is! It’s super fun and the levels challenge me. I also love the daily challenges as well because they add to the fun!', 'userName': 'Alyssa Demers', 'title': 'This app is amazing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 18, 14, 9, 8), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is a challenging game that I get totally immersed in. Some of these solutions come to you quickly; others not so much. You can feel really smart or stupid at the same time. These kind of games keep your mind sharp for us older individuals. I will keep plugging along. JH', 'userName': 'Jpvh1959', 'title': 'Flow', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 22, 20, 9, 55), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Flow free is a fun game that has gotten me addicted to it, but there are adds after I finish every level. I think that if you run into another line that the line you run into should stay the same as it is. Also it gets me into trouble at night if I’m playing it before bed.', 'userName': 'dogs t cute', 'title': 'Good but could be better', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 3, 17, 4, 33), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really like this game. But now they’ve started playing advertisements in the middle of a level. Every time I get one of those stupid ads it starts it’ll have sound. Even though the sound is off. So now I have to play with headphones in even if I’m not listening to anything else. If it keeps happening I might have to delete the app and find something new to pass the time.', 'userName': 'Marshall1003', 'title': 'Ad placement is really annoying.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 28, 23, 12, 4), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "I never write reviews so that's already saying something. This game is a lot of fun, easy to play, etc. There are many free levels which is very nice for those you can't/don't want to pay more. I just wish there were more regular levels!", 'userName': 'kasia98', 'title': 'So much fun!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 3, 20, 30, 6), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "I can't believe this game is free.  I play it daily along with the related Hexes and Bridges.  It is the right amount of easy and challenging.  Just when when you think you have mastered it, they throw in one that is way difficult.  If you like puzzles you will love Flow Free.", 'userName': 'Pinetree3', 'title': 'Excellent!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 17, 23, 58, 33), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "Highly addictive! I don't want to stop playing!\n\nUpdate: I love daily games and do them every day, but the addition of the weekly games is awesome! Love the variety and challenge. Thank you for making this game even more fun with a new surprise challenge!", 'userName': 'Mumma_Sandy', 'title': 'Fantastic App', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 1, 22, 43, 18), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'After months of trying games that are unsatisfying, un challenging, my 30-something nephew recommended this, and he was right. It’s great! I was looking for a handheld game that I could play while watching television, and didn’t even realize that I held it im hands all along! Thank you!', 'userName': 'akrose56', 'title': 'Flow Free is awesome!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 3, 18, 20, 17), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I downloaded this, so excited to use it and then was bummed when it doesn’t work when you have your iPad in landscape. I have a keyboard attached and to play in portrait is awkward and stupid. Are there any plans for this game to add landscape for iPad devices?', 'userName': 'EG Arnold', 'title': 'No Landscape View on iPad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 17, 23, 2, 59), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Great app, I bought the ad free version and all the packs a while ago, can’t remember how much, but it was a good deal. \n\nAlso, changed devices and deleted it/re-downloaded it and never lost my progress', 'userName': 'ReasonablePhoenician', 'title': 'Have had it downloaded for forever', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 28, 5, 52, 49), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really like this kind of game but I think there are a couple issues that keep me from enjoying it at which if they were resolved would interest me enough to want to play more. I would greatly appreciate it if you could get back to me on these issues. \n1. The screens are confusing for someone who is just starting out. The screen with a list of what I perceive as different available games. Again, nothing explained. \n2. It’s not clear, at least to me, where to find a beginners game. \n3. Instruction screen isn’t easy to find, that is if in fact there is any instructions. \n4. An obnoxious amount of adds. \n\nThank You\nBoni', 'userName': 'BoniPar', 'title': 'Dot connecting game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 3, 15, 15, 42), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is an amazing app! I downloaded it and this is my 30th year I’ve had this app, and when I’m sad or angry I just play this game and it relieves all the stress inside of me! I have MAJOR anxiety and this game helps with half for that! I would recommend this to anyone, for every age, and gender!\nBoy I love leaving good reviews! 😀😁🙃😊😃✌🏻👍🏻', 'userName': 'cucumburrrrrrrrrr', 'title': 'BESTSELLER', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 28, 19, 18, 18), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love this game! It can be very challenging and what’s great about it is I can step away for awhile and than return with a fresh perspective to complete the puzzles. Certainly a game that requires patience, focus, and cunningness to snaking ones way through the maze. It’s one of ONLY 2 games I keep on my phone. MOST-THERAPUTIC.', 'userName': 'ldiez7', 'title': 'Flow Free', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 27, 22, 14, 55), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "Worth purchase to ditch ads \n\nDifferent from other games you've played.  Can pretty much choose levels that are right for whatever your ability.  Good for iPhone, better for ipad once skills increase.", 'userName': 'Mary Lu hu', 'title': 'Love game hate ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 8, 16, 26, 59), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "I have completed every level in the game (Perfectly) and I'm 40 days away from getting the 365 day in a row achievement! \n\nPs add a speedrun mode where you can complete a certain amount of levels as quickly as possible.", 'userName': 'Ethan Strawbridge', 'title': 'Almost finished!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 3, 22, 33), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love this app I can play it on car rides and anywhere I want and it makes you smarter at things like puzzles or anything like that it is the best game ever and I was playing it in my room and my mom saw me playing it and she said that looks fun And now my mom has the app', 'userName': 'The kid who bot a stupid app', 'title': 'Best game ever', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 5, 2, 58, 21), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kahdndlsbso', 'review': 'This is literally the only game on my phone. I’ve been playing this game for so long and I always make sure to download it back onto my phone when I get a new one. I love this game so much, its challenging, fun and relaxing. One of the best unique phone games I’ve ever played. 👍🏽❤️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 1, 21, 38, 55), 'title': 'Best game!!', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Turbo444', 'review': 'Some days I need a relaxing game. Flow Free can be that. Then, on those days I want challenge or speed, Flow Free obliges. And, always, my brain gets some exercise when I do Flow Free puzzles. I have played for 1,080 days in a row (Daily Puzzle streak), and Flow Free is STILL FUN. What more can you ask from a game?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 12, 5, 15, 59), 'title': 'It Is What You Want', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'The_AIsian', 'review': 'It’s a simple puzzle game with a simple mechanic that’s easy to pick up and play anytime. Just connect the pipes and fill the board.\nNot much else to say about it besides it’s worth your time, and there’s levels a-plenty, with more available to buy for those looking for an endurance test.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 6, 6, 24, 52), 'title': 'Simple and addicting.', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Crazy_cool_girl', 'review': "I have been playing this game since I was little and I love it but I would like for there to be more frequent updates with more packs since my mom won't let me buy the extra ones", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 31, 21, 45, 1), 'title': 'More frequent updates', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pa180140', 'review': 'The most relaxing game that I’m totally addicted to. As they get more difficult you have to strategize but not hard so it’s just fun without being exhausting. I usually go for word and brain games and it’s so refreshing to have this I find myself addicted!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 23, 22, 41, 27), 'title': 'Great little game!!', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gus Riopelle', 'review': 'This game is one of my favorite games to play.  It is a great way to pass the time, and it makes you think more than the average game.  It also gets increaseingly hard.  It is sure to fill up lots of time, with hundreds of free levels and daily games.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 14, 20, 41, 19), 'title': 'Good Game', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Linawb', 'review': 'Only game I’ve bothered to write a review for that I liked. Every update comes up with features that actually improve the game, what a unique idea!  Could use new levels more often but the daily challenge is good enough.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 8, 2, 43, 46), 'title': 'Best of my collection', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nickthefist', 'review': 'Amazing. So much quality content. I think I spent a dollar once for a cool color scheme and have probably a hundred hours in it over the years if I had to guess. Quite the value proposition.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 8, 23, 46, 24), 'title': 'Can’t believe this still gets updates.', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 1972296, 'body': "Sorry you're having trouble with the game.  This should be fixed now.  Please let us know if you're still seeing any issues, either in your review or by emailing us at support@bigduckgames.com", 'modified': '2017-12-09T00:07:37Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nellieboo4', 'review': "I love this app and I play it everyday, but when an ad plays, the music plays AFTER THE AD HAS BEEN CLICKED OFF! It continues to play, non stop. When another ad plays and is clicked off of the screen, THE MUSIC RETURNS! I've turned off the sound and music in the app, but it still plays. Please fix this soon.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 7, 6, 32, 10), 'title': 'Great app, but please fix this!', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'A Hobbyist', 'review': 'I wish there was an achievement for completing all available puzzles, as well as one for completing all puzzles perfectly. I’m nearing the end, and the only thing I have to look forward to are the normal “pack complete” and “pack perfect” achievements.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 27, 7, 43, 31), 'title': 'My Only Criticism', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'night roomer', 'review': 'I have been playing Flow Free for over 4 years. I awaken at 2:30 almost every night. I get up , do the new puzzles in a few minutes, go back to bed and sleep like a baby. Free Flow better than sleeping pills.\nKeep sending new puzzles. Thanks', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 10, 0, 32, 8), 'title': 'Better than TV', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Locaaaxss', 'review': 'The game is very fun to play, you have so many levels to play with. It keeps getting harder and harder but as you keep playing the more satisfaction you get. My only problem is that there are ads every four levels which are 45 second ads that can’t be omitted. Other than that it’s a great game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 27, 19, 49, 17), 'title': 'Good game but they take advantage of ads', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Allie the cow', 'review': 'The reason I gave this app a five stars is because it helps your brain through problem solving and it is something fun to do that I had gotten addicted to playing in less then two hours of having the app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 13, 18, 34), 'title': 'Really great app', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12347115, 'body': 'Great, glad everything is working now.  Thanks for the update!', 'modified': '2019-12-11T23:08:25Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Anjel Rey', 'review': 'This app is usually great but recently has been freezing up after using the app for a few seconds so I can’t really do anything so fix that maybe please.\n\nOk never mind it works great now!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 20, 27, 10), 'title': 'it don’t work but it got fixed!!!', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'somethingblah', 'review': 'I have loved playing Flow over the past few years because it is so fun to solve the puzzles and so soothing to just work through them all. The free version offers tons of levels and minimal advertisements, which is a plus.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 22, 18, 1, 54), 'title': 'Great Game!', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SplooshShot', 'review': 'I get it, the devs need to make money. But, dial it down on the ads. Every few games, you get stopped by an ad that takes the whole page. Just keep the ad at the bottom, which is out of the way. Otherwise, would’ve been 5/5 stars.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 6, 20, 38, 26), 'title': 'Fun and free, but ads are a bit excessive.', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LoveLifeAgainAndAgain', 'review': 'I was searching for a puzzle beyond basic numbers and letters.  They both have something to offer but I find flow free exercises my ability to see shapes and relationships.  If you want an alternate, you found it!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 22, 2, 20, 26), 'title': 'An alternative to numbers and letters', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'I989er', 'review': "I have really bad ADHD and this app is the best fidget. I can listen to the teacher perfectly while I solve puzzles and it changed my least favorite class, AP English, into a tolerable class that doesn't feel like it takes hours!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 9, 19, 59, 37), 'title': 'This app saved my grades', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Anna Libertas', 'review': 'Its a fairly simple puzzle game but it has over a thousand levels available for free so you wont run out anytime soon\n\nLow battery usage & doesnt use any data so its perfect for travel', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 19, 8, 9, 53), 'title': 'Downloaded seven years ago and still playing!', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Boy69Toy', 'review': 'I love the new format! Change can be good. This game has always been so good. This game is still just as fun as the first day I got it! I still play this game everyday, like I always have. Still get regular updates which is awesome! You have a LIFELONG FAN ❤️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 7, 1, 5, 27), 'title': 'Had this game for over 4 yrs!!', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'No problems for as far as I can see!', 'userName': 'CatShoon', 'review': 'I Love this game! It’s very creative and addictive! There’s no bugs, it also transitions very smoothly. There’s no “premium” version it’s begging you to order constantly, and there’s a LOT of levels! This game is entertaining for all ages!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 2, 12, 1, 24), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Favorite Game', 'userName': 'Rachel.W.29', 'review': 'This has been my favorite game since 2011. I have beat every level and STILL go through and play. I do the daily puzzles every day and have a streak of 1,729! It is relaxing and challenging enough to keep me interested. I highly recommend!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 19, 11, 10, 35), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Flow free', 'userName': 'PERRY#23', 'review': 'The game is good but one thing is the ads are annoying when I get done with one levels the ads come on and I hated the ads so no ads maybe one ads but no more then one ads hopefully this will be the end of the ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 23, 2, 20, 13), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ok...', 'userName': 'You never heard it from me', 'review': 'This game is good. But it’s always asking for money to buy the more challenging levels or hints for the levels that really get your head going. I honestly think that this game is well made, but a gold diggers mining plot. I mean seriously if you want to make a game that has been known for challenge then you must have the challenges for free. I think if I had to rate this I would honestly say 1 and a half. I feel that this game has to get a better and less costing properly adjusted game.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 25, 21, 20, 46), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Flow is the best', 'userName': 'Nicole Best', 'review': 'I’ve had flow for years. It is mentally stimulating to give my brain a little workout. It’s one of the only apps that I’ve kept around year after year. They have plenty of puzzles all for free that will last you forever.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 22, 50, 17), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The ads are extremely long , annoying and unnecessary', 'userName': 'Jrcapote', 'review': 'I like the game but the annoying ads force me to delete it .I have downloaded \n Other game for free , and then,I have bought the ad free version, but frequency and lengths of\n this one are unnecessarily and annoying also it is overpriced. I will just delete it. I came looking for fun and found disappoining.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 23, 55), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Annoying bouncing ad in paid version', 'userName': 'mrrodes', 'review': 'In the lower right corner of the premium version there is a bouncing button pestering you to buy hints. This irritating distraction spoils the puzzles for me. If they are so desperate to squeeze extra money out of their users, they should just charge more for the application instead of damaging the experience. I’m giving this one star, for this annoying ad, and especially for their money-grubbing dishonesty in claiming that the paid experience is ad-free.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 8, 4, 10, 12), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great Game', 'userName': 'Happy Hana', 'review': 'I like this game because you can play it at any time for any amount of time. You only pay for hints. Very relaxing and offers wide variety of skill levels. I’ve played all the games over and over, but it doesn’t get old.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 14, 24, 11), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Won’t sync', 'userName': 'robsrareandgiantseeds', 'review': 'After reinstalling, it won’t stop showing ads. I bought the game and it won’t sync again. Now it’s freezing and having to restart. So very annoying. Going to just uninstall and be done with it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 6, 49, 52), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'New Bug', 'userName': '~WindWolves', 'review': 'Starting right when the ads pop up, the game would completely freeze. No amount of waiting would fix it. I really love this game, so I hope you guys are still around to fix it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 16, 59, 17), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Recent error', 'userName': 'dalr1', 'review': 'As of December 2, 2019, my game has begun occasionally freezing on me. The ads still load perfectly fine, don’t worry, I can’t make any moves or interact with any game mechanics at all though. Please fix this ASAP! Other than this, great game! Definitely spend too much time playing it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 5, 10, 19), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Perfect time passer', 'userName': 'Yass Queeeen', 'review': "I love playing this game when I am bored. It doesn't drain my battery, which is a problem for my iPod touch and it's a good brain exercise. All in all, this is a good app and you should really get it if you need to pass your time in a fun way! 🤗", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 30, 14, 56, 30), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Awesome', 'userName': 'adadada!! snake', 'review': 'This game is awesome and amazing and addictive and fun!  😁😁 I recommend getting this 👍🏽👍🏽 Great time consumer and no ads at all. Unless you push the button which you can get hints for watching an ad. But if you don’t like ads, don’t push the button. 👍🏽 Love it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 20, 0, 18, 20), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23227045, 'body': 'Glad to hear the update fixed it.  Thanks!', 'modified': '2021-06-07T05:15:52Z'}, 'title': 'Fixed but now apple won’t let me update my review.', 'userName': 'Got to downgrade now.', 'review': 'I received a note from the developer that the weekly puzzle issue is now fixed and now it does remember that I’ve completed the rest of the puzzles. \nThank you!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 5, 7, 36, 34), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun games but many ads so 4 1/2 stars', 'userName': 'thetenyearoldgamer', 'review': 'It’s a nice game it helps with spatial reasoning and for kids and adults but this is pretty much an issue with all games :/ there are way too many ads every time you finish a level there’s an ad so just saying it’s still a great game sorry for the long review internet 😋', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 6, 16, 32, 14), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Awesome Game', 'userName': 'skfurr', 'review': 'This game is great. It has difficult puzzles if you want a challenge, while it also so has puzzles to play if you want to relax.\nIt has lots of puzzles to keep you entertained a long time. \nIt also has Daily Puzzles and Weekly Puzzles to play.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 31, 8, 20, 21), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game', 'userName': 'GOOOOOOOOOOOOIIOIOIOOIOIGVDHD', 'review': 'I have been playing this game for 5 years and it is really good for a mobile game every day I get on the game to do my daily mission I started playing on the iPhone 4 and now I am playing on my new iPhone 6s and have 260 days in a row for my daily levels', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 16, 14, 53), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great puzzles, odd glitch', 'userName': 'Banquo458', 'review': 'I play this every day and really enjoy the chance to unwind. The dailies are always challenging but doable. Today the app freaked out though and is completely unresponsive after two seconds. I don’t want to delete the app and lose my progress but idk what else to do.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 14, 49, 4), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun game', 'userName': 'suffolk gamer girl', 'review': 'Fun game more challenging than expected. Be ware of pop ups offering more options. I accidentally pressed remove ads not realizing it cost $3.99 to do so. You can stop ads by turning off WiFi or put in airplane mode. I Immediately emailed customer service for a refund. Let you know how that turns out.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 25, 15, 29, 25), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Curlbender', 'userName': 'Curl bender', 'review': 'I love this games and have played it for years past. reinstalled on my iphone, now you hit so heavy with ads can’t enjoy it.  every time you finished a game, you have to sit thru a game ad. have to hunt for the X. to get back to your game.\nI am seriously thinking of deleting it. have looked for purchase to get rid of ads. can’t find a way around it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 27, 0, 3, 3), 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 27, 21, 50, 27), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TADexter', 'title': 'More super-massive boards, please!!!', 'review': "So, I love Flow. I play the daily offerings, even when they're painfully dull 5x5 boards.\n\nI just finished the last of the 15x18 boards. To make the fun last as long as possible, I've been rationing them for some time. But now, alas, I have to make do with the dailies, which mostly make me pine for more massive boards! :-)\n\nNo bridge, hex, warp or whatever levels, please. If I want to play those, I'll switch to those apps.\n\nSo, pretty pretty please, packs of MASSIVE COMPLEX boards! I'll pay extra, and happily.\n\nYour dedicated fans need the challenge!!!"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 14, 16, 14, 28), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Asfarasucan', 'title': 'Great game but....', 'review': 'This game is awesome, I enjoy the puzzles very much. My only gripe is what just happened. I saved my progress and switched to a new phone, logged into the app and everything was gone. I had over 400 hints, I completed every puzzle and was only on daily’s now and I had a 317 day streak! All of it gone now!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 14, 16, 51, 30), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'zackyattacky', 'title': 'Awesome game', 'review': 'Yea this is probably my favorite game on my phone. I am really surprised that there are so many levels it just is a packed game. So you won’t be able to just finish it in one day. Really makes you use your brain. 5 stars definitely'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 1, 8, 16, 20), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TLC Hatch', 'title': 'Great Game!!', 'review': 'This is addictive and simple to play yet a bit challenging at times. It’s a great way to decompress after a long day. Ads aren’t too bad either. I do like choosing my own colors too, that’s a nice feature. Highly recommend. Thanks guys!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 21, 17, 14), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jay0992', 'title': 'Great Game but....', 'review': 'This is a great game to download to pass the time. So great that I beat the whole game!! However, I’m now sad because there aren’t any levels left for me to complete. I’m now only doing the daily puzzles. I wish there were more puzzle packs'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 24, 20, 58, 27), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'freckdog', 'title': 'Problem', 'review': 'Got the free version. Great fun to play with down time. Don’t mind an ad that you can X out of and close out. Don’t like that there are ones that don’t give that option and forced to quit playing or open app. I don’t want it so I should not have to redirect to it. \nWill make me quit using it.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 17, 13, 15, 29), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Br$-Lhasa', 'title': 'Best free game app', 'review': 'Yes, there is advertising but it’s not nearly as much as these other free games!  Plus you get tons of free level options without having to pay.   Love the game itself and haven’t been able to find anything that compares.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12273934, 'body': 'Hi, sorry you’re having trouble with the game.  We’ve made some server changes to try to fix this.  Are you still seeing the game screen freeze, or is it working now?  Please let us know either in your review or by emailing support@bigduckgames.com so we can troubleshoot further.  Thanks!', 'modified': '2019-12-08T15:41:58Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 11, 23, 49, 27), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Bubba Tech', 'title': 'needs update', 'review': 'i loved thus game but a few days ago it stopped working on my phone.  reinstalled the game and it immediately started failing again.  I hate not having this game to play.\n\nUpdate:\nThey got this fixed.  However, this version stops every couple of minutes to sell me some other game.  Much too often.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 14, 0, 22), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SUGAR AWESOMENESS', 'title': 'Best game ever but need to fix your hint system', 'review': 'First of all this app is amazing I love the daily challenges. I love the different levels and challenges and achievements. Right now I am Pro and I want to get to world champ. This truly is the most addictive and enjoyable and relaxing game ever.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 23, 0, 7, 21), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Regnineurg', 'title': 'Flow Free', 'review': 'I used to play this game on my now deprecated windows 7.5 phone, and this version is even better. Tons more free levels and, after playing about 100 games you can make the app add free for $0.99, which I think is awesome. No complaints!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 9, 4, 36, 38), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KatyBert', 'title': 'Simple and Entertaining', 'review': 'I travel for work and spend a lot of time waiting.  When I am worn out from constant email, I take break with this delightful game.  I am so amused, even after multiple years of playing.  Thank you!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 4, 18, 45, 28), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Hi my name is nelly', 'title': 'Most played game by me', 'review': 'I love flow free and they have new levels that you can play they have 21 packs to play so you have new and exciting levels to play so join the fun with over millions of people worldwide who is playing this game so let’s keep it going!😁😁😁😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 17, 16, 48, 14), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LoveToPlay2021', 'title': 'Flow Free', 'review': 'I LOVE A GOOD CHALLENGE!!!\n  Playing FLOW FREE is not only a good fun app., it is also a great way to challenge yourself, family and friends!!! \n  Some of these are actually very challenging!! So much so, sometimes I have to take a break for a while and go back just to prove to myself that I can accomplish them!!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 23, 23, 44, 9), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'love to flow', 'title': "I'm addicted to Flow!", 'review': "This game was made for me!  I love everything about it.   I had completed all the levels and had over 275 perfect scores on the daily puzzles when my phone crashed and I had to get a new one.  Now I'm starting over!  Oh dear!!"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 28, 23, 50, 28), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'FARTLESSMONSTER', 'title': 'Amazing game!!', 'review': 'Love the difficulty for each level makes it different all the time! All the levels are great too! I have been playing for a long time and I find it really relaxing to play right before I go to sleep. Really amazing game!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 7, 17, 15, 27), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GIRL GIRL sunflowet Girl', 'title': 'This is the best game ever!', 'review': 'If you like games that you have to use your brain and think then you totally need to download this app. I love it so much because it makes my brain think on a whole different level!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 21, 57, 38), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ragi143', 'title': 'Really relaxing and fun', 'review': 'I played it as a toddler and I love it it’s fun but challenging to play I play it every single day you should download it 🥰😍😍it’s my favorite app if I had a choice between this app and among us which was my favorite game I would pick this it’s a great app'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 25, 23, 45, 42), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Daniela from North Dakota', 'title': 'My favorite game', 'review': 'I recently re downloaded this game, and it is still perfect. Very simple, easy but challenging. It is a great way to pass time, or calm you. I have done 500 levels so far, and I’m gonna keep going until I can’t anymore 😂'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 26, 19, 56, 35), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bdushdiqkso', 'title': 'Why you should download this app', 'review': 'This app is so calming and really fun when it’s asked me to right a review I was excited so please download this game if you like satisfying noise and if you like the nice vibe colors if that’s not what you need in a calming game then I don’t know what a nice game is bye~'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 10, 20, 26), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Forest Lakes', 'title': 'App is freezing', 'review': 'Until just recently the game worked just fine. I up graded and now it is freezing up on me. I am at 307 consecutive days on the daily but not sure how long it will continue. I enjoy the game but if it continues to freeze I may delete the game from my phone.'}, {'title': 'Simple and Clever', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a very simple but spatially right brain challenging game. I can see this being a future classic as well as a test for those occupations that involve space optimization \nOthers will love it be a use is addictive. Download and enjoy.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 17, 0, 16, 57), 'userName': 'CWAMD'}, {'title': 'Better than a UNICORN', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Best game ever like it’s the best game in the world I would get this game if I were you so many levels so many things daily challenges like that’s the best game ever even after like maybe six years I still love this game it never gets boring', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 4, 16, 59, 30), 'userName': 'uniliv🦄'}, {'title': 'Good for when your bored', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Over all since I’ve been playing this game it’s really fun. Not my favorite but I like it! It’s really good for when you don’t know what to do! I enjoy this game but sometimes it can get a little boring. It’s also very challenging once you get to the harder levels!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 25, 22, 38, 11), 'userName': 'unicorn_slime_lover'}, {'title': 'Had this game on another device and loved it!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I haven’t seen this game since years ago when I played it on my kindle! Now I’ve found it on my iPhone 7+ and I couldn’t be happier to be playing again!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 9, 20, 33, 30), 'userName': 'kaitlin mcneely'}, {'title': 'Ads', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is amazing and I’m kinda good at it, but the ads just get annoying. So what I do instead of waiting to close ads is go into airplane mode. That turns off WiFi and data, which means no ads. But other than that I love this game.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 30, 3, 44, 12), 'userName': 'Kicking off...?'}, {'title': 'ADDICTING', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is addicting. I normally don’t keep games on my phone, but I can’t get enough of it. If you like puzzles and have some free time this is the game for you. If not I would steer clear of it because once you start you won’t stop.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 4, 6, 18, 19), 'userName': 'Spiff!'}, {'title': 'Too many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the game played it for awhile but to many ads as soon as you beat several levels it pops up ads it starts to make me bothered because too many ads for me to enjoy the game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 1, 12, 58), 'userName': 'ghostriderinyourdreams'}, {'title': 'Love it but...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game😀😀 it is nice to just move a flow around and is kinda relaxing. A little too much. When I started I breezed past it. I wanted a little more competition. So I went to the hardest level and aced it. I think the game could use a little more challenge.😀😀 that’s it, other than that 😍😍😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 1, 33, 30), 'userName': 'Athletical boy'}, {'title': 'good cause everything', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "this game is so fun to play Travis left is reading this and play it it's fun and also sometimes they will be so kind enough to give you an easy one that if you're new so download this app play it today\n🥳😍🥰😇😘", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 5, 14, 37, 33), 'userName': 'cbsjdifuaovjx'}, {'title': 'Puzzle made colorful', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the simplicity of what the puzzle is, and after a little time its easy to solve. Until you get to the larger puzzles like 10x10 and larger. Always a good way to spend a few minutes.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 18, 19, 52, 53), 'userName': 'Blue Trev'}, {'title': 'Love this game!!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have played this for years! I think it may prove I have to life but I just hit an 1100 day streak at the daily puzzles. That’s over three years without missing a day! It that doesn’t show I like it I don’t know what does. Trust me get it!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 1, 18, 49), 'userName': 'TheSpecialk77'}, {'title': 'Freezing', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I play for over a year, it started freezing literally 5 seconds into a game. Please fix!!\nEdit: for everyone - put your device in airplane mode, you’ll be able to play & keep your streak going.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 17, 16, 1), 'userName': 'Zieelona'}, {'title': 'Obsessed with this game - needs more levels!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I am obsessed with this game and all versions of flow!!! My only complaint is that new levels (aside from the daily challenges) need to be released more frequently! Every time I see an app update for my flow games it totally makes my day. ☺️', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 12, 13, 58, 32), 'userName': 'alli_iceberg'}, {'title': 'Flow', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game very much sometimes the adds can get really annoying when I play the timed level  and I finish the the time that I am playing on and the add pops for no reason it is really annoying', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 19, 19, 5, 6), 'userName': 'Jimos1962'}, {'title': 'Hi', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Hi I’m just now wuwpeiete was a good day I gotta go to hang out with y’all tomorrow night or whatever and you get to work on the way back to the house I wanna is the way I gotta was a way I wanna was your way trotted is a way to go back on your mom a beach and I wanna is a good one way you know I don’t like to be a mom but I’m not sure I can tell him that I', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 27, 16, 28, 24), 'userName': 'hello its erik'}, {'title': '5 stars!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I Personally think that this app, is amazing and has a lot of strategies that you can use and it is really cool I love her doesn’t have Wi-Fi because then I can play it when ever and where ever I want I hope this helped you out!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 7, 21, 52, 37), 'userName': 'The_Jesssss'}, {'title': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game so much and don’t even know why I have played and completed this game four times now and I never get bored and I love the daily streak thing its any awesome game for when your bored or drunk or trying to get out of social interactions 😊', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 1, 3, 48, 27), 'userName': 'ashlee2.oh'}, {'title': 'Flow free', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Flow free is An awesome, relaxing game that I’ve been playing for six years now. Me and my cousins download it on our tablets and think it’s a blast. Ever since I was four I thought this was one of the coolest games I’ve ever played! The download is completely free and easy to do. I love 😍 flow free', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 1, 10, 52, 30), 'userName': 'AvA 3645'}, {'title': 'It’s Great For Keeping You Entertained', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I loveee the app and I have quite the short attention span and yet this app was able to keep me playing! It is fun to play when your bored or in times like this there is just nothing else to do!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 1, 17, 35, 42), 'userName': 'Yuzuru_tea'}, {'title': 'Low key addicted', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love this app. It doesn’t keep me glued to the phone for hours but whenever I have a free sec this is all I want to play. Constantly challenging me so it’s super satisfying when I figure out the super tough ones. Highly recommend', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 19, 17, 11, 8), 'userName': 'Mermex49'}, {'userName': 'SkylarralykS', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing flow for a few years now off and on and I always come back to it, I finally just bought all the packs and removed ads, love the game so much', 'title': 'Amazing game, year after year!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 22, 11, 42, 11)}, {'userName': 'Funny toad', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': '5-6 years ago a teenager shared this game with me and I’m still playing. I play three out of four of there games. \n\nFinished first level of Warps then stopped. \n\nBUT I play the other three. Especially the games of the day.', 'title': '5-6 years ago', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 21, 2, 23, 23)}, {'userName': 'HockeyNJD30', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing the daily puzzles for almost two years and recently they have added ads that are over a minute between the daily puzzles. You can’t close out of them and I end up setting my phone down and walking away until the ad is over. It’s reached a point that I don’t want to use the app anymore.', 'title': 'Long ads in daily puzzles', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 26, 13, 53, 38)}, {'userName': 'Team punishment', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I played this game on and off for a few years. Highest streak is 31 but enjoyed playing. Past most of the levels.  I would pick it up and play 3 to 15 rounds depending on time.  \n\nThere was only a few ad’s up until the last release.  Now you get FULL 30 to 45 second ads all the time. In the same amount of time as before Now I can only get 2 or 3 levels done before I turn it off.  It’s ad after ad after ad.', 'title': 'Ad’s made it bad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 23, 3, 54, 4)}, {'userName': 'Bryantl14', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is a classic and it’s so easy to pass time playing this game. Over 1000 levels and if you somehow manage to complete them all you can buy even more! It’s a game that is worth completing by far my best decision to download.', 'title': 'Amazing game!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 27, 1, 50, 59)}, {'userName': 'E M O Vay Vay', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve had this game on all my electronics. I’ve played this since I was in kindergarten playing on my brothers phone. I am so glad that this game still exists knowing how the world has changed since I’ve been in kindergarten. I vote this six stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️!', 'title': 'Loooooove', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 4, 13, 29, 1)}, {'userName': 'RoxiaCaptn', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a great game to exercise your brain waiting for an airplane. I have it on my personal and business phones. Only wish buying it for one would work for the other. Same account.', 'title': 'Good for your mind', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 14, 0, 20, 20)}, {'userName': 'Ll5462', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for a while now and I finished it about 2 months ago. All the level packs that come out only take me about 2 days to complete. Need those harder packs. I absolutely love this game, though. I’ve considered getting Hexes, but I’m not sure....', 'title': 'Great game, need more!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 20, 11, 36, 51)}, {'userName': 'Danny_Matrix', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This might make you get annoyed because you are not smart enough to figure out a puzzle, or get really confused with the colors after awhile; but if you’re intellectual and you know what you’re doing it’s a really fun game.', 'title': 'This game lowkey great', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 29, 8, 44, 21)}, {'userName': 'The Only Ghost', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I played this game way back in middle school. I had to delete it because I ran out of levels. I redownloaded it a couple months ago and was so excited to see new levels to play! It’s so much fun', 'title': 'One of my favourites', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 5, 7, 30, 2)}, {'userName': 'Shirley123456789', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Why pay for the ‘remove ads’ option if your only asked again to fork out money for it again!! So frustrating. I’ve had this app for a while, many updates, maybe it’s a glitch? But I also don’t have an option to restore past purchases…shady. Will review again if this is fixed, but this seems like a money grubby tactic', 'title': 'Paid to remove ads, asking me to pay to remove ads again!?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 7, 52, 13)}, {'userName': 'sanpeter101456PP', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I downloaded it on iPad at home because it was on an iPad at school I loved it so that’s why I gave it a try at home and like I said I downloaded it at home thank you for making this app and i love what you are doing love you and your game', 'title': 'The best game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 24, 21, 31, 31)}, {'userName': 'AH012', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Flow Free is a great puzzle game with an interesting concept. It seems like this game should be easy to beat, but the harder levels take some time to finish. I would recommend this game to people who like simple puzzle games.', 'title': 'Interesting Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 8, 17, 31, 12)}, {'userName': 'busi_btsloveru', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game. Like omg I’m from South Africa and they had this game and I was in love with it. So when I got here my phone was dry as heck. So I try to download some and I kept deleting them. But this one is great. I am in looooooooveeeee with this game like omg. It’s like thinking and fun omg.', 'title': 'Love the games so freaking much.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 15, 18, 15, 5)}, {'userName': 'DemoRange', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I truly love this game, I’ve had it for years off an on. I can’t live without this game!!!!!!! I’ve completely done every single one perfectly 3 times. Now I’m back at it. This game is a must for me with every phone I get “ An on the new XR is Beautiful”! DOWNLOAD THIS GAME!!!! ✌🏼👍🏼', 'title': 'Perfection', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 20, 3, 42, 55)}, {'userName': 'flow free queen 👑👑👑👑', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Flow free is a very relaxing game...and i had it for a very long time...its a good game to do if ur bored,stressed, or just want to play something...i have played this since i was 6 and i Am 10 now...i play it all the time especially on airplanes...i love flow free and i hope u do too 😊 by:Aaliyah', 'title': 'I LOVE FLOW FREE!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 10, 16, 56, 11)}, {'userName': '#1Flowfan', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I loved this game at first. I have solved all the puzzles, so now when I get bored I will go back in and start over solving them again. But lately the ads are so ridiculous! Literally one between every single puzzle, and you can’t opt out of waiting on the ad to run, and it runs for about a minute,  and I’m not exaggerating that. So you work one puzzle, you have to watch an ad. EVERY SINGLE TIME!', 'title': 'Flow Free', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 20, 19, 24, 19)}, {'userName': 'TDOwen1234567', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'FLOW is always the first game I download when getting a new phone. It has entertained me and my kids for about four years now. Anybody who gives it a negative review is simply bitter and impossible to please.', 'title': 'Always the first', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 3, 4, 6, 22)}, {'userName': 'Catgrace', 'developerResponse': {'id': 1079689, 'body': "Thanks, we're happy to hear that the animations option helped!", 'modified': '2017-08-22T22:35:55Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Any chance the new animations could be added to the settings so we can toggle them on/off?  I don't care for them, but others might...\n\nEdit: thank you!  The new 'low' animations option is perfect!", 'title': 'Animations', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 22, 14, 41, 31)}, {'userName': 'somewhat dumb person', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Everyone complaining about ads just put on airplane mode or turn off WiFi and the ads go away and you can still play the game without WiFi.', 'title': 'Ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 25, 19, 35, 45)}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 9, 21, 8, 9), 'review': 'I just this game so much I have been looking for a game that would calm me down and It took me 6 months to find one in 2020. I love this game and you should to and if you need a game to calm you down well this is the app just for you!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I love this game❤️', 'userName': 'Reyna_8945'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 3, 8, 44, 10), 'review': 'OMG I had this app when I was 4 and I love it so much that everyday I say I will not play it I randomly go on it when I wake up and spend my whole day one it and because now it is quarantine time I never get bored anymore this is the best app ever', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Wow I love Flow Free', 'userName': 'puffafrida4'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 3, 1, 48, 40), 'review': 'This game is great for when you don’t have a lot of time to get into a game. It’s fast to pull up and play for any amount of time, and very simple. Great for all types of people and situations, and can be played online.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Perfect on the go', 'userName': 'bupmaster69'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 3, 2, 36, 8), 'review': 'This is a really addictive game with lots and lots of levels. The only downside is that you get so many ads. For this just turn off your WiFi/internet so you don’t get any ads. Other than that amazing game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Flow Free', 'userName': 'Blynqu'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 17, 22, 20, 20), 'review': 'This has to be the best puzzle game I’ve played for many years! Been loyal to each update and play it still..I haven’t even finished it yet..it’s a long process but worth the fun.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Awesome game! Been playing it for years!', 'userName': 'DOA_DEADx'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 22, 0, 36, 33), 'review': "This game is fun and everyone should get it. It's the best game to play when you are bored and have nothing to do because it is so fun. You should get this game if you are bored all the time. This game is the best game ever. This game is so fun and I think you should get it.", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun', 'userName': 'mhay1219'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 6, 23, 54, 41), 'review': 'This game is cool wish there were some more given daily sometimes it 3,5,9 I think it should be like 10 or more and have them be moderately difficult as you progress into the puzzle.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game review', 'userName': 'Mrs. Wildchild'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 25, 21, 1, 16), 'review': 'This is my first ever review. At least that I remember. Absolutely love these new puzzles. Although I’ve completed all the levels at full stars, honestly, the bridges warps and hexes just didn’t do it for me. But these star fields are awesome.  Can’t wait for more.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Star Fields!!', 'userName': 'BBstormone'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 24, 16, 37, 56), 'review': 'It keeps my mind from being idle. Played it so much my leadership started playing it when we were both off. I have played this game for the last 3 years', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great puzzle game for the brain.', 'userName': 'Dj grammar'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 7, 3, 50, 50), 'review': "This game is amazing. It's a really cool puzzle game where you have to connect dots, but you have to cover all squares of the screen. The fact that there are many, many levels keeps you playing.", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Addictively fun', 'userName': 'Math_2016'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 13, 16, 57, 31), 'review': 'This game has ruined and improved my life. I lost my family and friends but I don’t care because I have flow. This is all I will ever need in life because I have learned to live off the game', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This is worse than my coke addiction', 'userName': '%DESTROYER%'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 9, 28, 6, 36, 28), 'review': 'You will learn the game, you will enjoy it, then, you will quickly realize that about 90% of the puzzles (even the paid ones) and ALL of the daily challenges are too easy - like quickly getting to the end then going back and doing the initial tutorial, over and over and over. Not a problem if you’re not very good at the game I guess...', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Zero Challenge', 'userName': 'xxxxMExxxx'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 20, 21, 22, 15), 'review': 'I love this game. I watch Dr. Oz and he says that you should do a puzzle for around 15 minuets before going to bed and this is a perfect game to do that puzzle. It is challenging and still so fun. It works well for any electronic. I recommend it for 5 year olds and up.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love it', 'userName': 'twenty-star'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 16, 22, 1, 26), 'review': "I play this game about 16 hours a dayish, my wife left me because all I did was play flow, sometimes I wouldn’t eat dinner with my family so I would just hide in the bathroom and play it, I've spent a lot of money into it. It’s a fantastic game!!!", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This game is awesome!!!!!', 'userName': 'Chicone24'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 7, 20, 44, 27), 'review': 'I think this game is really good cause it doesn’t have to many ads and it doesn’t do a ton of advertising in the game nor talk about watching an ad to get a new skin or something so I think it’s really good and would suggest.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'A very good game', 'userName': 'Happy person 3'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 12, 22, 27, 18), 'review': 'Today I was so stuck on a level so I asked my mom to help and she said sure then she helped me do I said thank you she said you welcome  then she tould me that  the game was fun so I so she download it and she said I will play this for ever and ever and ever stoping game', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This is the funest game ever', 'userName': 'waltermelon surger'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 21, 7, 55, 17), 'review': 'The game is great as always, but the latest re-design of the user interface is poor. I much preferred the startup menu and other menu screens as I could tell where I stood easier. There should be an option to revert back to the previous menu screens.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game, but latest user interface went downhill.', 'userName': 'hcripe'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 13, 0, 43, 16), 'review': 'This is the best pipe puzzle game ever. It is free and this game has thousands of levels. Even millions. It is so relaxing. I would really recommend this game to people who like puzzle. I give this game a 5 out of 5. Thank to all the people who made this game possible.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Flow Free', 'userName': 'Video Game player 92'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 10, 56), 'review': 'I’d give it 5 stars cause I love this game , but please stop the music. I loved the water droplet sounds, now I feel like I’m stuck in an elevator, same tune over and over and over and over and over again. Ugh! And settings and volume don’t make it go away either, without getting rid of the droplet sounds as well. You were doing fine without “music”. STOP IT!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great except for music', 'userName': 'Tjones2222'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 12, 2, 46, 50), 'review': 'Ok first of all this is a pretty good app!! I like how it barely has any megabytes and it’s calming and relaxing and takes your mind a stress away of course!! Also it has a challenge so it can be very fun and a nice touch!! So I think that people who get angry quickly should get this game!!\n❤️\nIlovedovecameron', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ok.. first of all!!', 'userName': 'Ilovedovecameron'}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'A Gamer LG', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'The most relaxing game ever', 'review': 'First of all it is challenging you really have to use your brain on it also it’s fun. I really like this game and recommend it to many other people. The fun part is it’s free and there is no winning or losing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 28, 15, 29, 12)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'wpsny', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Flow Free', 'review': 'I enjoy Free Flow everyday.  I look forward to the challenges, some days easier than others but I keep trying until I solve it.  Love all the other games in addition to the daily challenge.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 25, 14, 16, 14)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'dxz2', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love this app.', 'review': 'I had a stroke recently and it affected my memory. This app makes me think and strive to get a star on the first try which is what I want to do. When I don’t  I try again and again  till I get my star.  it is fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 5, 12, 7, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'desulo', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Addictive!', 'review': 'I love this game!  It holds my attention. I do wish it acknowledged achievements. I played the daily games for almost 3 years and it never acknowledged milestones like other games. A few fireworks or something and telling what the milestone was.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 29, 6, 4, 3)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kinsco', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Brain Function', 'review': 'We have an extended family member that sees a specialist to improve his brain function; they suggested a few computer games,  Flow Free was on that short list!  I want to share this with all the oldies like myself!    👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 25, 4, 39, 52)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'andsbei', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'pls', 'review': 'y’all I love this game so much and I am gonna NEED you to add more levels... the 4-8 daily ones are not enough and a person can only go through the game so many times before they are too repetitive,,, PLEASE and thank you :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 24, 8, 2, 46)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Macsalus', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Better than coffee', 'review': 'I push the daily puzzles into my brain every morning without fail, and by the time I’m done, I can reason my way through the morning routine with three school-age kiddos.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 21, 4, 20, 37)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Black Jesus LB', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Achievements', 'review': 'I absolutely love and am addicted to this game. But, for quite some time now my achievements will not load. I have made it to a year of daily puzzles and I would love to see all of my achievements, thanks!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 29, 18, 38, 29)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MaybeBaby511987', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game', 'review': "My only complaint is that eventually it must come to an end. It's a very fun and addictive puzzle game with enough levels to keep you busy for a long time. And depending on your memory, there's plenty of replay value.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 25, 23, 59, 30)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JMPB65', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Gramma Joanie', 'review': "I REALLY enjoy this game!!  Just find it challenging enough but not too hard to play!!\nI recently got a new phone,though, and one of the versions involving lettered balls didn't show up when I transferred my Apps!! Does anyone know the name of it??", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 23, 22, 46, 37)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mobycat', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Changed my star rating to a single star', 'review': "Because Big Duck Games has gone beyond obnoxious with the ads.  I understand having them... but after ever other board?  ENOUGH.\n\nHINT: Killing the app and re-opening it is faster than waiting for the add to give you an X to close it.\n\nETA: Another REALLY obnoxious thing... the X to close some ads are RIDICULOUSLY small - and so far into the corner that if you have a keypad case, it's next to impossible to close the ad.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 30, 4, 19, 55)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'z00000e', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Very calming', 'review': 'This game is very addictive I’ve already completed 50 levels in the past 10 minutes it is it is challenging when you get to the higher levels.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 2, 19, 51, 9)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nancyzhang11111', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Nostalgia', 'review': 'I just stumbled across this and nostalgia swept over me.\n\nI remember “playing with my sister” she wouldn’t actually let me when I have around 4-6 I haven’t really played it but I’m just gonna give it 5 stars for the nostalgia', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 11, 8, 36, 5)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Attila the Bick', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Ruined by obnoxious ads', 'review': 'I *used* to love Flow Free; played it a lot. After a while away from it (because I had finished a lot of levels), I came back to an atrocious update. The changes have ruined it by making the ads obnoxious. I used to get an ad every now and then that I could X out of in 5 seconds. Now it seems like I get at least a 30-second ad after every screen.\nFooey on this. I’m done with this abominable version of Flow Free.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 25, 5, 49, 56)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Techmlt', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'mbbrewer', 'review': 'Solved all of the puzzles before and went to Candy Crush. After a couple of years of that and so high up, I’m tired of the “luck” stages and CC’s attempts to make you spend money. I’m back and couldn’t be happier with Flow Free!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 24, 2, 41, 59)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bob in ct.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Flow free', 'review': 'I enjoy the game. But I will be removing it from my apps. I don’t mind the commercials but 30 seconds or more is ridiculous.  So I give it one star because of the frequency of  commercials, one after each round.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 20, 20, 48, 5)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'OMGLOLYLOL', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'This was an amazing game', 'review': 'If you want to use ur brain and think a little this game wakes u up but at the same time it isn’t some boring studying app it’s a fun app that allows you to have fun and think all at the same time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 22, 19, 24, 22)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MZuno', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun but read this first if you want to 😺🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃', 'review': 'When I was little like 5 this game was so fun and never changed so it would be nice if you upgrade it a little Maybe you can make your own challenging that the game we like now it is a very good game but needs update thanks 😊', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 21, 11, 12)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ADDMimi', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'ADD Mimi', 'review': 'A very soothing and relaxing way to pass the time when you have a few minutes to spare. It’s much better than taking a peek at the news (😱) or playing a competitive or timed game. There is a HUGE selection to play for FREE.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 26, 21, 24, 4)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NicknameKristy', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love It', 'review': 'I love this game, however, I can only give 4 stars because it randomly started freezing and crashing every time I open it. I play everyday (currently have a 203 day streak on the daily puzzles) but that’s about to end bc I literally can’t play. Please fix this.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 3, 6, 53, 10)}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 8, 18, 34, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Entertaining', 'userName': 'Christopher Gilpin', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The app is fun and easy to play, but the ads on the free version do get repetitive and annoying after a while. More than enough to play without needing to pay though!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 22, 15, 3, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love the game😋', 'userName': 'K80summer', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I think this app is awesome for rode trips because it’s so fun and interesting i used to have this game so I wanted to play it again but win I got it it was more fun than anything well for me and that’s why I put a five star rating 😋'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 22, 4, 21, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game is fine but the ads...', 'userName': 'Laupaihana', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I got this game because my kids like to play puzzles type games like this, but the ads were beginning to be inappropriate! Some game where the ads have women making out and choosing to keep going or not. Or a couple naked but the private parts blurred out. Are you kidding? So much for finding a fun free game so when I hand my children my phone I don’t have to worry about what content they are seeing.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 18, 20, 14, 59), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Enjoyable', 'userName': 'Mudrock', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game has carefully graduated levels, which means that you can work out a challenge and glide for a bit and come up to another challenge, then glide on what you have learned for a bit.  Kind of like skiing, push off, glide, push off, glide.  I enjoy it.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 20, 23, 47, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Time Trial', 'userName': 'Hsbdnddn', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Amazing game just got 11 boards solved in 30 seconds 5 x 5 but I think that the time trial needs a update. You should have a trial on how long it takes you to solve 5 puzzles and beat your record.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 11, 21, 21, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Simple but challenging', 'userName': 'clashroyalelover21😜😜', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is awesome. I have a suggestion. You should add something like a boss level or just a really hard level that is like 20 by 20 that takes like an hour to figure out.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 26, 10, 39, 59), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Need an update', 'userName': 'Girle_girl02', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I have played the game for many years now. I usually pick it up and put it back down and usually have had no problems with it. Just recently I have picked up the game again and it keeps freezing when I finish each level and forcing the app to shut down. It seems like an update is needed to fix the bugs.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 2, 35, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing 👌🤩', 'userName': 'Weird Cactus 🌵', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is amazing!! It’s so simple but fun. It doesn’t overwhelm you with adds every 2 seconds (at least for me). I could play it for hours!! If you are looking for a fun, simple, and quick this is an app for you'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 2, 19, 56, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Relaxing and great', 'userName': 'gamingninja2.O', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is pretty relaxing I guess it’s more of a app then a game.\n\nWhen I saw that there is flow free bridge and flow free warp I was wondering why can it just all be in the original flow free but yea pretty relaxing game\n\n(Oh by the way I first had this game like 5 or 4 years ago)'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 15, 6, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game!  Fun for all ages!', 'userName': 'UtahLakePelican', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'We love this app!  The only problem is we have solved all the puzzles. We have the paid version and have access to all the packs, but have solved them all. When will you be releasing new packs?'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 3, 6, 23, 59), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Oddly Satisfying', 'userName': 'VoidForge', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I don’t normally play puzzle games much less review them but I felt like the developers should be praised for the amount of quality free content there is in this game. It will keep your mind busy for hours.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 1, 1, 27, 2), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Flow free', 'userName': 'im9yrold', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Flow is a really fun brain game where you have to strategically move lines so they don’t run into each other, but reach their destination. There are also other game modes such as timed games and extra large puzzles. Overall, I love it and I immediately got hooked.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 22, 15, 27, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'title': '99% Of Time Is Watching Ads', 'userName': 'JasonWIR', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Spend about 30 seconds on a level and watch about 10 minutes of ads before you are allowed to move on.\n\nI don’t mind ads on a free game.. but the amount of ads are just obscene.  Almost feels fake. \n\nWhen the first ad into the long wave of ads starts i close and reopen the game.  You will save about 10 minutes.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 7, 19, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads, ads, ads!', 'userName': 'Unhappy Charley', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Ads that pop up with no way to close them. You have to sit through several minutes of ads before you can continue to play. And when you FINALLY get an X to close the ad, there are more ads underneath it, for which you have to sit and wait for those to run. Such a shame because it used to be a great game. I paid for this game too, so you’d think that would stop the ads. Not so.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 24, 12, 53, 9), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Wow', 'userName': 'bctfdtfsgdududugdhd', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Just wow I love this game actually better than the last time I had it like makes me feel so free like I had to stay up all night even though the next day was school thank you for this game 🥰'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 7, 4, 56, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ads.', 'userName': 'Sofffle', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love the game, don’t get me wrong, but there are far too many ads. It’s to the point where I’m often reluctant to even play the game. I understand the developers need revenue from their game, but it’s rather irritating to be interrupted by ads every two levels.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 2, 1, 40, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Played this when it came out', 'userName': 'Gjfjhjfjgnrngjmd', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Played this around 6 years ago and finished around 3 years ago. It’s very nice when you finally get past the challenges'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 17, 2, 51, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Calm and relaxing puzzles', 'userName': 'VenoctRules', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This helps me cool down after long, stressful days at work. The colors and light sounds just lets me drift into tranquility. I finished a pack the first time I sat down to try it. I highly recommend this wonderful app.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 20, 1, 59, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love the game but', 'userName': 'potalillyppdo', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this game the bright colors and the puzzles but their are soooo many adds and it always takes to long for an x to show up so I can get rid of the ad please fix this! I’m rating this game four stars because of the annoying ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 21, 2, 17, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Free flow', 'userName': 'Twittered out', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'While I love playing free flow and have done so we’re over the last couple of years, I truly resent having an advertisement for yet another game pop up before I can move to the next level unless I purchase the no ad option 😡'}, {'review': 'This is my favorite game. If I play it on my Kindle Fire I can get as many hints as I want free of charge. But on (this) my iPhone there is a cash charge for hints. I can only afford to play free games. I’m 85 and on a modest fixed income so even small fees are verboten.', 'title': 'Free of charge games', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 22, 17, 20, 18), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'rubyjoann'}, {'review': 'So this is an amazing game the fact there are so many levels and multiple games is amazing I highly recommend this game to all people, it can get a bit hard at some times tho', 'title': 'Amazing game 😃', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 20, 16, 45, 57), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "I'm not a NOOB was taken"}, {'review': 'If you can get your child excited about playing Flow, then you have a Chess player in the making.', 'title': 'Most fun you can have and still learn something', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 12, 20, 41, 36), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MomWow63'}, {'review': 'This game is lots of fun and very satisfying to play.  But what I really enjoy is that after playing for a while, I’m learning some new ways of thinking spatially that I didn’t use before.', 'title': 'Fun and a little bit mind-bending', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 18, 17, 14, 50), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dcdorsey777'}, {'review': 'This is a great game. It makes you think of how the different paths interact with each other. You have to look at the big picture not just the individual parts.', 'title': 'Lots of fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 14, 15, 47, 9), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PokeyAnne09'}, {'review': 'Could use less ads in between games. It’s faster to switch the browser off then restart it. Much faster than the 25 second long ads when I go about each level in 3-15 seconds.', 'title': 'Good enough.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 18, 13, 30, 53), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BMitaGilmanKill'}, {'review': 'I just dearly love this game. I have regular Flow but fell in love with bridges Flow. Either one is a 5 star in my book The thing you really need to know is it “ might” be addicting, as I have lost hours while playing!, but I just love it!!!', 'title': 'Happy Happy Happy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 15, 0, 25, 29), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tcifalia'}, {'review': 'This is a very calming game and is perfect for a game not to stress out your brain. Even though it gets harder it still stays easy. I love the sound effects and the whole game. 10/10.', 'title': 'Calming, yet a tiny bit tricky', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 16, 3, 18, 9), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ice Queen❄️'}, {'review': 'Iced played for five years here and there but since school started this game gives me a reliever from the stress. I have almost beaten the game. Just a few hundred level left. I will be this before the next update 😉', 'title': 'Great', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 6, 4, 16, 4), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Silent one 35732'}, {'review': "I absolutely love this app!❤️💛💚💙💜\nThis is really addicting and I am doing very well with it. \nThis is a great way to stay occupied. This was totally worth the download. Keep making games like this! \n❤️💛💚💙💜\nThanks😀\nI just updated the app and I found out that it is very laggy 😢. I'm not hating on the app, it's just that I find it annoying. Please fix 😊\nEdit: thanks for your help!!! I followed your suggestion to disable the animation in the settings and it worked. I'm so happy it doesn't lag anymore 😊.", 'title': 'Awesome!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 22, 14, 13, 52), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Giorange05', 'developerResponse': {'id': 1079700, 'body': "Thanks!  Great to hear that you're enjoying the game, and that the animations setting is working well.", 'modified': '2017-08-22T22:40:06Z'}}, {'review': 'This game is so satisfying and fun and even if there are a lot of \nBoring adds  it’s still so much fun and I love it so much because it makes me happy 😆😆😀😃😁😇😊🙂so if anyone wants to \nBuy it then buy it now and it’s worth the money.', 'title': 'This game is so satisfying', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 16, 13, 31, 52), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Aroma23'}, {'review': 'this game is poggers. I used to play it on my mom’s phone all the time when i was in first grade and sort of forgot it existed. I was just scrolling the app store looking for Brainly so i could cheat on my math test, and came across this so....yeah. download it. n̷̶̯͉̊̽̐ͦ͘ȍ̸̢̢̮͚̐̚ẅ̷̷̢̟͇͈̒. 🔫👹', 'title': 'me gusta', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 28, 14, 52, 53), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '😋🤓😉😂nerdy_girl223'}, {'review': 'Love the game but it would be better if when you got \none right it would put a check mark so you no\nIf it was correct besides that it is a great game!👍👍👍', 'title': 'Fun but a few changes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 20, 22, 48, 14), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ggggggggggggggtffggggggggg'}, {'review': 'I love all of the different levels and wow there are lots of fun things to do and explore my favorite part is when you time your self and you can increase your speed and time', 'title': 'Best game ever', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 23, 14, 35), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jmssahm'}, {'review': 'I bought the levels pack for this game back when there were no ads but now you get blasted in the face literally every two levels with 20-30 second videos for toon blast or some other trash I don’t care about. Literally feel like I’ve been duped because I payed for hundreds of levels I’ll never even play now. It’s a shame, used to be a 5/5 easily. But whatever they made some cash I guess.', 'title': 'Ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 13, 49, 46), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lawdydog'}, {'review': 'I got this game about 2 weeks ago and I’m obsessed with and I can’t stop playing! It’s such a fun game for any age four and up and it’s worth your time. I would recommend you guys to get this game right now! Love it 😍', 'title': 'Love It! ❤️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 29, 16, 47, 23), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'em juila'}, {'review': 'It was fun but there was way too many ads and they frozen way too many times but it was fun and pretty easy at least for me! I do recommend this app!', 'title': 'Too many ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 16, 52, 53), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "ok goodbye let's go"}, {'review': 'I love this game. The daily free challenges can be stupid easy, but sometimes they throw in a real brute. I keep at each one until I get a perfect score, then I can go about my day. More than two years straight!', 'title': 'I love Flow Free', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 4, 3, 23, 20), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hilcat'}, {'review': 'This used to be one of my favorite games but recently it’s started playing ads every couple of puzzles. Ans not just one ad, oh no! You get to sit through several ads and there is no way to stop them. Such a shame, but another great game ruined by greedy developers that would rather makes an extra buck than take care of their customers. Time to delete this app and move on.', 'title': 'Not worth all the ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 5, 4, 39, 7), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TMK13.1'}, {'review': 'I enjoy puzzles and this is the perfect app for it. Missing one star because removing ads was basically required because the ads would last forever and then “miss click” when you hit the tiniest X button.', 'title': 'Fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 3, 6, 14, 49), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Teneubrous'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ally_HarryPotter', 'review': 'Very good game!! A lot of people say that the ads are too long and you can’t skip well most ads have a demo and also they’re not long they are moderate!!', 'title': 'I love it and the ads are fine people!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 5, 22, 7, 43)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'JP in Berkeley', 'review': "It's so satisfying! It gets progressively more challenging, so you always feel engaged, but you can play without timers, which I love, because the last thing I need is more anxiety, if you know what I mean.", 'title': 'I love this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 16, 15, 14, 44)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Discriminating Buyer', 'developerResponse': {'id': 2045973, 'body': 'Thanks!  Good to hear that everything is working well now.', 'modified': '2017-12-15T20:12:30Z'}, 'review': 'I like this game.  As someone else said, it’s mindless and addictive.  And it had good support.  I complained that it started playing music and a developer got it fixed and let me know.  Many kudos!!!', 'title': 'What’s with the music? - Thanks for fixing it!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 12, 14, 9, 12)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Ladyahna', 'review': 'My youngest son is who introduced to the game and I’ve been playing it ever since. I completed all the free versions and now I look forward each day with anticipation to the daily challenge.', 'title': 'Anticipated', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 11, 9, 49, 58)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'AJ I.', 'review': 'Just reached a 365 day streak on the daily puzzles! Every day one of the first thing I do is check those. It feels awesome when you start getting faster and recognizing patterns earlier.', 'title': 'Best relaxing puzzle game out there', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 4, 13, 17, 28)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'jempros', 'review': 'Are used to like this game when I was very little. I am not going to test it out today. Hope it is still as good as when I was four years old.', 'title': 'I’m back at it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 20, 58, 10)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Freckles1988', 'review': 'This game is amazing. It is challenging yet silly. I just downloaded ten mins ago and I’m already on lvl 51. My only problem is there is an ad every 2 mins and I wish there were less ads.', 'title': 'Totally mindblowing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 13, 21, 38, 7)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Rushdawg2003', 'review': 'I’ve been a fan since 2013, from the very start I was always a big fan. I appreciate that this game is still alive and going. I support your community and company! Keep working a lot! ;)', 'title': 'Big Fan!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 11, 1, 11, 20)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Citi_e', 'review': '12 yrs enjoying this game still & am continuing to solve as more puzzles are presented to me!!! Very entertaining, addictive & brain racking to the point of having you to actually think or create a way to solve it as best, love it!!! Thx!!!', 'title': 'Fun pipe dream version!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 22, 23, 37, 40)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Drew!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'review': 'The game play is great, but they ruined it with adds.  I’d rather have an add banner at the bottom than have to watch one for every 2 minutes of play.  It breaks your concentration and is extremely annoying.  For the harder puzzles is basically an add between each one.  So 25% of your time spent on this game will be watching adds.  No thanks!  You ruined a good game and all you had to do was dial back the adds!', 'title': 'They Ruined it!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 26, 13, 25, 28)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Farkleberry651299', 'review': 'My only knock on the game is that I like the Hexes version a little better.  Play a few dozen levels; you’ll find you like enough to pay for the ad-free version.\n\nHighly recommended', 'title': 'Terrific', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 7, 3, 34, 15)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Sabrina Y Vega', 'review': "i literally downloaded this game back in high school, really good and consistent, fun, also for some reason my data wasn't working in NYC this weekend so this game really got me through it", 'title': '2013 player says 👍', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 20, 26, 6)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ac09232009', 'review': 'So I just recently got this game and it’s awesome! Some of the levels are challenging, but I have beat the beginner pack and are excited to move on to more challenging levels. I love this game; definite five stars.', 'title': 'Perfect Game (Totally Recommend Playing!)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 18, 22, 17, 32)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Cabflaber', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for years and, while I get into other games all the time, I always come back to play this one. It feels like an old friend:)', 'title': 'I always come back', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 2, 14, 11, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': "The-Raven's-Wings", 'review': 'I just downloaded this game and have already completed 60 levels of it. It’s an enjoyable experience that I would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for an effective stress reliever.', 'title': 'Very fun and engaging!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 28, 9, 4, 25)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Sunnysweetsinger', 'review': 'Puzzles are just enough of a challenge for this sleep deprived parent. Color scheme can be changed to your preference. The ads are not nearly as annoying as in other apps. I’m enjoying it thus far.', 'title': 'Engaging, free app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 15, 0, 57, 23)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': '2NoName', 'review': 'I like this game, is the only one I kept when I deleted all games, and I still enjoy beating the last packs. Five stars would be a reality if you add a extreme pack 3,4, & 5.\nAnd maybe a few others.\n Great game, but you need more hard packs.', 'title': 'Good, but a little easy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 12, 12, 51, 29)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Another Happy Landing', 'review': 'The game keeps you busy while also helping you exercise your brain. There are also so many levels that they will keep you busy for a long time!', 'title': 'Great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 11, 19, 2, 41)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Jo510Jo', 'review': 'I love this game   Went thru them all then went back and did them till all perfect. But I like the original and have been waiting for many months for more to solve.', 'title': 'Freeflow', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 14, 13, 42, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Lolololshwjwjsgwkoqbskbwlw', 'review': 'This has been the only puzzle app that has been able to keep me interested enough to complete it! I’m so glad that the decision to make others versions was made. Loving warps!!!!', 'title': 'Love it!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 25, 4, 58, 21)}], [], [], [], [{'review': 'First of all I love this game it is so fun and relaxing but all the levels until 100 are so boring and all the adds get annoying and there have been a lot of glitches one of the glitches That happens to me was when I was playing it would just turn off and it would not save my progress in the game and the cars would not move and when I would log off the game and then log Back on it would start me at level one but I have been in love with the game ever since I got it and my whole family loves it to and because we it is such a fun game we started a parking jam war and the person that is on the higher level wins and gets a chocolate covered ice cream cone with all the toppings you want (for me it is all of the toppings you can fit LOL) over all I give this game four stars because of all the ads that bother me and all of the other little glitches that have happened to me while I played the game in the past but other wise I would highly recommend this game.😉🙂', 'userName': 'hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiif', 'title': 'Get the game it is the best', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 8, 19, 52, 33), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game could be great but as it is a 4 year old could master it. At level 900 the lots are the same as they were at level 1, 5-10 cars and no real thought to get them out. The challenge levels are fantastic, limited moves, tons of cars, takes some real thought to clear them.....only problem is you have to clear 30 mind numbing levels to get to them!! I have seen people complain about coins but if you build up the houses you get more coins than you could use!! By level 800 you have maxed out the houses, bought all the car packs, and earned all the sets, the only thing you’re still working on are the different people for your lots and those don’t cost coins just clearing so many challenges. The challenges cost coins to unlock but you should have more than enough to unlock them by the time you get to them. In the next update, if there is one, could you make the levels get increasingly harder to hold an interest between challenge levels!?! You could offer spare moves for coins or something just make it more difficult the further you go! This could easily be a 5 star game if the actual levels increased in difficulty the same as the challenge levels do!!', 'userName': 'Regs76', 'title': 'Could be great', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 2, 12, 47, 46), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is not a *challenging* sliding block puzzle, but it’s a great little fidget toy, something to do with your eyes and fingers while listening to a podcast or a meeting or some such. There’s also a housing development idle game hiding inside, which adds a little somethin’ somethin’.\n\nI do however have some complaints:\n\n* The in-app “no ads” purchase gets rid of the ad at the bottom of the main gameplay screen, but you still have to watch ads to unlock various unlockables, and you still keep getting propositioned to watch ads for extra coins. When I pay for no ads I expect that to mean NO ADS WHATSOEVER. If you want to raise the price of “no ads” to cover that, that’s fine by me.\n\n* The isometric perspective often makes it difficult to tell whether a car can escape in some direction.\n\n* There is an annoying bug where the link to the housing development screen always has an ! on it, even if there’s nothing to do there.\n\n* I seem to have gotten stuck a few hundred stars before the end of level 21. You can only get stars by upgrading buildings, AFAICT, but I can’t upgrade any more buildings until I reach level 22, so... deadlock.\n\n* Gosh, it would be nice to have a way to report bugs directly, rather than by writing app store reviews and hoping the developers read them.', 'userName': 'elwoz', 'title': 'Nice fidget toy, some bugs.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 24, 22, 30, 4), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'While the game itself is fine, I guess, it doesn’t take no for an answer when it asks you if you want to watch an ad for double the rewards. If you click to just continue, it will give you an ad anyways. Every time. On top of this, the extra coins aren’t really worth wasting 30 to 45 seconds for (depending on the ad), because, for the most part, they’re only really used to buy skins to change what the cars look like.\n\nEvery time you start a new zone, the starter puzzles are the same solution every time. No one is blocking anyone the first two puzzles of every zone, puzzles don’t get harder as you level up, and sometimes you’ll randomly get an ad anyways. I understand the developers need to make money to continue producing games, so it’s not the fact that it has ads that’s the problem. I will literally close out and reopen the game to continue playing rather then watching the ad if I didn’t agree to watch it.\n\nThis last part is kinda nitpicky, but I’m disappointed that the penguins aren’t animated on the ice map. They look like a bundle of garden gnomes, haha.', 'userName': 'Dindella', 'title': 'Disruptive Ads', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 7, 21, 5, 16), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The gameplay is fun, I do wish it were a bit more challenging though. The challenges are fun except for the fact I have to wait for all of the cars to get out of the way when they are driving because a car can easily bump into a car that’s waiting for other cars to pass and it wastes a turn. The fact that there is a coin system and a building aspect is nice. It’s a shame that is all you can do with the coins though. Most of the time spent in the app is ads, which is very unfortunate. I would have kept the game if ads weren’t played between almost every level, in order to collect skins, earn coins, upgrade the towers, and after every challenge level. It would be fine if they were all by choice but even with how much the game revolves around ads. But the issue is how it shows you it without asking first, and it’s necessary to the game. It feels like that’s the majority of the game. I uninstalled it due to this issue, even though it was rather fun. Quite a shame, honestly.', 'userName': 'SadCheesestick', 'title': 'Good Game, Too Many Ads', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 29, 1, 49, 54), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really like this game. It has the potential to be much better. Here are some of the things that are causing me to play less. \n\n-Although the levels do increase in complexity, that eventually stops and the levels go on forever still being extremely easy to clear. The normal levels should eventually reach the same level of complexity as the challenges or at least somewhere in between. \n-You can only gain the additional skins, backgrounds, build towers for a while and then those options run out. After that you’re just collecting millions in coins with nothing to do with them. You’re eventually just playing one quick & easy level after another with no goals to work toward and they do not become anymore challenging. The Challenges that you can do from time to time do add a little excitement, but eventually they stop being challenging and you can easily clear those as well. Even when you do your prize is coins that you can’t use for anything.', 'userName': 'Greg4981', 'title': 'Good but could be better', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 14, 12, 30, 41), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The best thing that I can say for it is that it actually is the puzzle game that it shows you in the ads. If that sounds obvious, then you haven’t seen the rash of ads for games that pretend to be puzzle games but are actually base building PVP games using the bait and switch lure of simple puzzles in the ads (I’m looking at you, Evony and all the ...Scape games).  In any case the problem with this game is that there is zero difficulty to it and it never really gets harder. There’s nothing to strive for, and it is absolutely full of ads. I prefer ads over in-app purchases as a monetizing strategy in these free-to-download games, because the ad-based games aren’t engineered to frustrate us into spending money.  So kudos for that.  And you can even skip some of the ads that you’ve already seen a bunch of times, so even more kudos for that.  But the game itself, while initially kind of satisfying in a mindless doodle sort of way quickly loses its allure.  Toss in a 30-second ad every two levels and it just becomes tedious.', 'userName': 'FleshyHeadedMonkey', 'title': 'It is what it is', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 7, 18, 19), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This is a relatively mindless game that is a nice break from the daily chaos.  The challenges are really the only good part, and it’s nice that they can be replayed.  A lot of people love the side game of building stuff, but that didn’t do much for me.  In the beginning there were daily goals to earn a few coins, but those disappeared after about a week of play.  I also noticed that the daily prizes for returning to the game still show up but stopped adding to the pot, so don’t count on them.  Since they removed the daily goals and I can only get a few coins from each play (or by watching endless videos, too many of which are sexually explicit or inappropriate if your kids are nearby), there really isn’t much incentive to keep the game.  The parking lot is the same two small, uncomplicated lots for each level of play, and that gets a little mind-numbing when you have to play 50 or 60 to earn a new competition.  This could be better.  That said, the graphics are excellent and at least they offer a good variety of vehicle styles for each game.', 'userName': 'Waterrat71383', 'title': 'Fair game with a few bugs', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 15, 12, 44, 12), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There’s a lot of ads, whatever, it’s a “free” app, there’s one particular ad for one particular game that I think is absolutely vile and I really wish there was an option to say I don’t want to see that particular ad again, but I just kill the app when it comes up. That’s all par for the course in this kind of game, but now for some reason I can’t play the challenge level that I messed up on because if you mess up you can only get another chance if you watch an ad, and when I try to do that *only to redo that challenge* the game tells me I have no internet connection, even though I’m streaming a show on my computer, even though I can leave the game and check my mail, browse the internet, go from page to page online, even though I can play regular levels in this game and still get the random ads that it just shows you without asking or offering anything for. Clearly I’m online, but every time I try to replay that level it still says I’m not. Glad I haven’t had this long or invested much time into it. It was an okay time killer while it lasted but definitely not worth fighting with.', 'userName': 'Jj75476', 'title': 'Broken', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 27, 1, 0, 28), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is okay for what it is, pretty mindless… the issue is the game has glitches. A.LOT! Some I can over look, like sure it’s annoying, but oh well. But some of the newer glitches are frustrating. The newest one came when the “hard” challenge levels were added. I paid the coins to unlock the level, check what the reward is, and get to playing. I went through 5-6 challenges and realized I’m actually losing coins even though I’ve beat all the challenges to that point. So I test it out, paying more attention. I unlocked a level for around 800 coins, reward says it 1300. So if I win the level, my coin amount should grow by 500. I played and beat the level on the first try, the reward pops up and says I’ve won around 570 coins. Umm… that’s not 1300. So I look at my count total and sure enough I’m down around 730 coins from before I unlocked the level. I play those to win coins, not lose them! Sorry for long winded review but this is the newest of a long list of frustrating glitches. I’m getting to the point I no longer enjoy it because it glitches or sets me back :(', 'userName': 'bell8.5', 'title': 'Okay but there’s issues', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 27, 7, 29, 14), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'One part of this game is fun - the challenges. You actually have to think to clear these puzzles and they’re fun to play. You have to do 30 of the regular levels for each challenge. The regular levels are 7-10 cars and can be completed by a three year old. I did several not looking and just swiping my finger around.  It becomes extremely tedious to do these levels so you can play the challenges. There is also a side game where you build hotels and they earn coins for you. I don’t see the point of it as there’s nothing to do with the coins once you’ve built the maximum. I’ve completed 200 challenges and am topped out. I have about 4 million coins to do nothing with. No new updates for two weeks.  I give the challenges 5 stars, everything else zero stars.  If the game was just the parking lot and an additional car or obstruction was added every 10 levels or so I think this game would be much better. For now I’m done.', 'userName': 'ButterflyKai', 'title': 'Need to get rid of the boring regular levels!', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 1, 4, 7, 42), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'There really is no point to the game outside of the challenges. The levels in between are just there to kill time. I don’t really mind that too much as it’s actually relaxing... until the bugs start setting in. I will complete a level and then once I hit continue it just freezes on a white loading screen and I have to force close the app. By the time I’ve done that and opened it again, it has me repeat the level I just did again... and again, and again until it randomly decides to let me move on. On top of that I have to watch an ad every single time before I start and even after before it glitches. It is taking way too long to get to the challenges because of this glitch and it’s been taking all of the enjoyment out of it entirely. I wish that each level actually got harder and were more like the challenges themselves... but I would settle for it as is if it weren’t for the constant glitches and ads.', 'userName': 'Cute ute', 'title': 'Relaxing until it’s not...', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 25, 10, 8, 10), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I never write reviews, ever, but I don’t want the negative nellys out there to convince them to change this game. I’ve been waiting for a game to come along that was part challenging and part mindless and this is it! The main levels don’t get harder and harder in an attempt to get you to buy power ups, they just cycle back and forth between easy and super easy for mindless fun that you can use like a fidget toy. The challenge levels DO get harder. Sometimes I wish there were more challenge levels, but then I just flip through a bunch of easy levels while I’m watching tv and BOOM there they are. I’m over level 3000 now and I haven’t deleted the game! Huge win!  I did pay the $3 to remove the ads after each level and it was worth the money, so much better than a game that tries to get my $ at every level. Please don’t change!', 'userName': 'Sewnluv', 'title': 'This is the perfect game', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 21, 17, 36, 31), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been playing this game for a few days now I reached level 400 and I have to say that it is a fun game but I have to agree with the other reviewers in this. I was also interested because of the ad of the huge parking lot and it looked unique and fun. Now that I am this far in there is no difference. It is basically the same 5 parking lots that have about 10 cars in them. As I increased in levels it’s still the same. The lots don’t get bigger like in the ad and aside from a old lady with a walker that sometimes appears there is nothing different between the beginning levels up to where I am now. It’s a shame because I feel this could be a great game but without the lots getting bigger and more cars to have to set free there’s really no challenge or goals and I feel there really is no point to continuing because there really is nothing to look forward to. Hopefully the developer will read these and update the game because I would definitely continue playing it if they gave us what the ad showed.', 'userName': 'the morbid drummer', 'title': 'Fun idea, could be expanded', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 29, 15, 28, 6), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I like the game. The issue I have is when you play the ‘challenge’ puzzles, the wrong car goes sometimes. I have small/medium fingers & try to pick the correct car. Yet, half the time, the wrong car will go. There are not many extra turns, & bcuz of the wrong car issue, you can lose all your needed turns quite fast. Maybe instead of ‘sliding’ the cars, change it so we can just tap the top of the car, & it’ll go. That seems much easier & we can use a stylus too. Edit- finished all 35 challenge levels. Came back after a couple weeks to find the 35 levels were all cleared & I need to restart them. Why not just add to them? Edit- they’ve added more challenge levels. After a certain challenge level, you have to clear 30 regular levels to open the next challenge level. One level. I’ve used up my spare moves for challenge level 70, in diff ways. Can not get past that level. Need more spare moves pls!', 'userName': 'Spncrs mum', 'title': 'Issue with the “challenge” puzzles', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 26, 17, 26, 8), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been playing this game for quite some time and I really enjoy it. It is a great game to just zone out and play. I don’t know how long it has been there, but last night I found another level in the Parking Jam to play, I believe there was 15 different challenges, and I played them all in one setting. They were a blast and I hope they continue on with that because it was totally beyond enjoyable. Granny was a little more spry than usual… LOL… So that was challenging to miss her with the cars. I totally loved the new part of the game and I hope you incorporate more of those to go and play I also love this game because there isn’t any interruptions during your game play to watch ads. They do come up periodically after some levels but it’s not a big deal for me so if you haven’t tried this game yet, give it a try it’s a blast', 'userName': 'NanasBB', 'title': 'Try it', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 11, 5, 51, 37), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game helps you pass time, keeping your mind occupied, without being too difficult. I’ve only been playing for a day but am already annoyed by a few things:\n1) frequently, I’ll be close to clearing a level and the game will suddenly stop responding to my touches. This happens most often in the challenges, which means you’re forced to watch an extra ad each time this happens.\n2) You have to play through many overly simple levels in order to be challenged. For instance, I’ve played through 101 levels after just 1-2 hours and still haven’t reached a level that is remotely challenging. It would be nice if I could select my difficulty.\n3) Too many ads. The number of ads in the free version is ridiculous. You spend more time on ads than playing. The paid version is much better but after paying, you still encounter ads at nearly every corner. If you pay for ad free, it should be ad free.', 'userName': 'Bridawgz', 'title': 'Fun game but has flaws', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 1, 20, 23, 7), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The game is fun - at first. It’s a great, mindless way to kill time. The levels are fast. You earn coins when you beat each level. You beat levels by getting cars out of a small parking lot. Sometimes there’s an old lady with a walker moonwalking (jk, but her direction is pretty strange) that you must avoid. After you beat enough levels a challenge becomes available. The challenges are the best part of the game. You have a huge parking lot full of cars that need to exit and an old lady with a walker who you need to avoid. You have to get all cars out the lot within a certain number of moves or you restart the level. Currently, there are currently only 35 challenges so after you complete those.... It’s straight repetition with no challenge. Hopefully they add something else or you can just delete the game after that. I’ll give it til the new year to see if something else is added before deleting the app.', 'userName': 'BeBe 2015', 'title': 'Started great then abruptly ended', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 3, 57, 55), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I downloaded this game on Friday and I got to level 300 as of writing this post! This game is fun and wayyy more enjoyable once you get rid of ads, the game feels more seamless that way too! I do have some critique to add after playing it so much with the ads, add more skins for the cars!! I was so surprised to see they had a skin solely dedicated to the cyber truck from Tesla, love that!😂 also try adding a way to speed up the cars, I find the pace to be a little bit slow and I love solving these puzzles ASAP! And with the cars crawling across the screen it can be a bit of a bore when I have to sit there and watch the cars drive out without having any way to speed it up! Either way I’m happy to have supported an app which helps me escape the effects of time while working lol!', 'userName': 'Jeeeezzzzer', 'title': 'This is a GREAT game! Definitely download it!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 19, 17, 14, 19), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I would have given the game a five or even a 10 because I do love the game very much but the property uploads too slow. As soon as y’all opened up 2 new properties today I’m through with them. It took about 15-20minutes and now I’m waiting again until y’all upload some more and that’s not good. I have billions of dollars because I like the game so much that I’m constantly playing it everyday with nothing to build. I just finished the new properties and challenges on normal now I’m starting the challenges on hard that should occupy me for a bit but I will play them back to back so they may last a week since there’s 225 of them but I finished 25 already of the easy ones and I’m still playing the game also. Great game overall. I Love hitting granny just because I can and it would be nice to see her fly in the air also.', 'userName': 'Ms 241', 'title': '9.5 stars or 4.5.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 12, 23, 44), 'isEdited': False}], [], [], [], [{'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 7, 17, 36, 11), 'review': 'I really love this game, there is so much that can happen in the Game of Life 2! Also, someone else said that you should be able to trade attributes (like in Monopoly), I love that idea, so PLEASE add that in the next update, I would really appreciate it! \nThis game always keeps you at the edge of your seat, as there is so much to do! I also love the characters by the way, they are so cute! You can buy a house, get married, and SO much more!  You can still  play when you retire, whichI think is a great feature! \nI won’t waste your time, though! It is just like the real game, but better! The real game that we had was from late 1900s, I think! It smelled musty 😅🤣 lol! \nSeriously though, this game is a lot of fun, and I recommend you get it, it is worth the money! And again, please add trading features, to make my day developers! Thank you!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Jillian Draws', 'title': 'Amazing game!', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22956917, 'body': "Hello and thank kindly you for your feedback! It is greatly appreciated! Please know that I have shared your thoughts with our team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or concerns to share. Once again, thank you!", 'modified': '2021-05-23T14:36:45Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 22, 3, 38, 12), 'review': 'I love this game so much, it gives me a nostalgic feeling while playing. After reading other reviews I see I am not the only person who feels the game needs to be more versatile and spontaneous. This game is fun but almost every game feels the same. The job choices are always the same, I wish I could pick from a wider selection besides, pop start, robot designer and astronomer. Also it doesn’t feel like it matters what paths I choose when it comes to family or education. I hardly ever get the option to choose housing or families. When I do get to pick a family it’s not fun because I can’t pick twins or get a spontaneous tile that says “you had triplets”. It just feels like I’m constantly playing to get the little icons which isn’t a very interactive experience. I don’t mind how short the games are because they shouldn’t be that long but at the same time, I paid for the app and yet I don’t have any options to play different maps. The options for the different maps if you are going to make me pay for them, should just be separate games. This game would be so much more fun if the puzzle pieces I collected would lead to me unlocking other maps. I understand that the company needs to make money but I still think it’s ridiculous that I pay for the game and there isn’t any actual progress I can make in the game.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': '+bak', 'title': 'Good game, needs more', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17467152, 'body': "Hello and thank you so much for taking the time to write us such detailed feedback! As a long time fan, your suggestions are doubly appreciated as they come from an understanding of what The Game of Life is all about.\n\nThe minigames in The Game of Life (1) have always received very mixed reactions - half of the players hated them while the other half loved them. For this reason, we decided to leave them out of The Game of Life 2 for the time being, until we can figure out a way to make them less obtrusive and immersion-breaking. We want all of our players to enjoy them and not feel like playing through them is a chore.\n\nIf you have any suggestions regarding specific minigames that you would like to see in The Game of Life 2 please do not hesitate to share them with us!\n\nWe will continue to improve The Game of Life 2 with every update, to ensure that we are providing our players with the best Game of Life board-game experience possible. We also very often add the features most requested by our players, so if you have more feedback about things you'd like to see in The Game of Life 2 we'd love to hear it!\n\nThanks again for your review. We hope to surprise you with all the cool features that are coming to The Game of Life 2!\n\n-help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-24T14:34:09Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 22, 5, 51, 55), 'review': 'I really enjoy the original game Life 1, and based off the reviews for this new Life 2, I was a bit apprehensive . I have to say that the earning of puzzle pieces, gives an incentive and feel of accomplishment when the game ends, rather then in the original game, if I won, there was no real feel of victory and felt anticlimactic.    There is still non stop action in this new version , just like the original , however, the one MAJOR flaw and disappointment I have is they did away with ALL the “player vs player “ competitive games that were such a big and more importantly , FUN component in the original version.\nHow and why they would take out those mini player on player games, I’ll never understand. Those were a major part of the game. Now it’s just spinning the spinner. Really shot themselves In the foot making what could have been a Awesome new game into a decent game. Although, I can’t say I like it more or less, it’s just a coin toss at this point. \nIf they added the competition games to version 2, then that game would have everything I wanted from day 1 in the first game. I always said they should keep score on players to add incentive to want to keep playing, and the puzzle pieces do it. \nHope they add the side games to the second version, and I’m a 40 year old female saying this and I love playing. Just sayin.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Leelee8080', 'title': 'I’m actually surprised .....', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 23, 39, 43), 'review': 'I love the game of life and was excited to try this one but I was disappointed in a couple of things, mostly the lack of children. In the four games I have played so far, I have landed on a child spot one time. I think if you didn’t want to develop the maps further and make them longer, which I do recommend it takes like 10 minutes to play one game and I spend 90% of it watching my opponent take their turn, you should add a if you roll 1-3 you get 1 child or pet 4-7 twins or one kid and a pet or two pets, 8-10 triplets at the end of the family path or could customize with 2 kids and a pet or something along those lines. I go down the family path to have kids and I haven’t gotten a child once. Also more career options, let us choose the cards like in the actual board game and lastly houses. I haven’t landed on a house spot one time, partly because I have been trying desperately for kids but that is an essential part of life considering our pegs would die if they lived on the street for their entire lives. If I was able to have kids, I would probably enjoy the game a lot more because it is fun other than those few criticisms', 'rating': 3, 'userName': '187282', 'title': 'Could be improved', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 4, 20, 58, 6), 'review': 'I bought the original The Game of Life from Marmalade Studios and really enjoyed that. It was pretty close to the classic board game experience, but with the convenience of being digital. Was looking for the option to play Online with Friends, but the only option was to be matched with other players via Facebook. I wanted to play with my family on the other side of the country, we currently do that with Marmalade’s Monopoly app.\n\nWhen I saw that this game offered that functionality, I was excited... until I downloaded and started to play it. It is advertised as a sequel to The Game of Life. I know that I shouldn’t have expected the same experience but I didn’t enjoy the new gamification of the action cards with the different attributes. The graphics also were a turn off for me as they seemed overly simplified and geared towards children. I recognize this is a game and therefore should appeal to children, but I liked the graphics from the original version better. Still bright and colorful but not in an elementary school way. \n\nI really wish that they would just add the Online with Friends (in a custom private room) function to the first game.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Jayson Rivest', 'title': 'Good game, but prefer original', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17222275, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying the Game of Life 2 and that it meet your expectations. Once you get a loan, every time you land on an Action Space you will have a chance to get an Action Card that will allow you to pay it back. If you're lucky, you will be able to pay it before the end of the game! \n\nIf you ever have more questions, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We are here to help! ", 'modified': '2020-08-11T23:52:12Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 9, 0, 7, 37), 'review': 'I really like this game and think it’s an improvement over the first life game because it doesn’t tell you to do real life things like tell another player your favorite book (which, when you’re playing by yourself, was irrelevant and impossible). I also find the transgender option interesting (even though I’m not).\n\nThe only problem I have is that the game tells you that you have to pay back loans before the end of the game or you will get points taken away (and you do)...but I can’t find any way to actually pay them back, even if I do have the money. I would think that they would have put in a button (like the mortgage button in monopoly) where you can take or pay back loans at will. If anyone can tell me how, I would be grateful!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Spiral nautilus', 'title': 'Great! Except I can’t figure out how to pay back loans.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17309026, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). I have already shared these great ideas with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. Please let us know if you have any more suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. -help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel.Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:37:13Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 12, 19, 32, 27), 'review': 'Hi I love your guys games. I am like the king of monopoly. I love this game as well but I have a few suggestions about how to make the game better. I wish you can trade with people like money for hearts. Also you guys should make like crews where you can create and join on. And like each week is like a separate challenge. One week can see what crew can get the most hearts. The cap for the amount of crew members should be either 10 or 15. All your friends can join your crew. The last suggestion is that I wish you could add the computer in online with friends mode. You can do it in monopoly but not in this game. Also add more houses cars outfits and action cards. Thanks for considering my thoughts. I really a appreciate it. You guys are the best. Keep up the good work on making game of life 2 better.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Seamouse2.0', 'title': 'Developers PLZ read', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17101545, 'body': "Hi! Thank you so much for your review and feedback. We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our Game of Life 2 app. I've taken your ideas and shared them with the designers so that they may discuss them during their next internal meeting. If you have more feedback, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com.\n", 'modified': '2020-08-05T14:47:16Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 3, 7, 54), 'review': 'I absolutely love this game although I do still really love the classic game of life and life vacations but life 2 is much better the game teaches you about real life like taxes and jobs and other things but I do have a problem when I was playing the game I have noticed that the game board is long but for some reason the game goes by fast yes I do know that it’s something you can’t fix but I do recommend making the game board longer and adding more cars,outfits for the game ,and more maps I know that the game just came out but I still do recommend that but overall the game\n Quality is really good and the physics are to  and overall overall I really do like it', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'kay0126hsjdb', 'title': 'Life lessons', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 8, 10, 29, 44), 'review': 'I really love this game, i downloaded it because I’m in love with the first one. It’s a great game, however, it’s way too glitchy for me. And it’s not even the fact that it happens every so often. It happens SEVERAL time throughout the game to where i have to exit the app out several times or quit and save progress. And what makes the frustrating even more is, when I’m towards the end of the game by the time everyone retires and it starts doing that it won’t even give me the option to pick back up where i left off. Once i exit the game towards the end the game is gone. I have to start over a new one. Extremely frustrating when you’re the winner, and you lose all your attributes, points, etc. i hope this gets fixed soon', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'TT49347373373', 'title': 'Great game, but way too glitchy', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 16, 16, 9, 9), 'review': 'The game is fine as it faithfully recreates a version of Life. Keep in mind that this version is fairly simplistic and lacks the elements of the older, more classic gameplay. That may or may not be a good thing.\n\nSo, keep in mind that this is a $3.99 game, so lower your expectations...\n\nGraphics are nice enough, albeit repetitive. The music and sound effects are mediocre at best.\n\nMultiplayer didn’t connect well for me. Other games I have played generally connect quickly. Therefore, I’m blaming this game.\n\nGameplay, as mentioned, is a simplified (but faithful) version of Life. It moves SLOWLY, however, even when placing it at 5X speed. The reason for this is the many transitions between play, which cannot be fast forward.\n\nThere’s a surprising number of microtransactions for this game. Of course, they are for cosmetic items; however, the cost of $30 for a “season” is a bit steep. Other games that use a season framework generally charge $10 or less and give you much more. You can, of course, buy bundles for $5.99 which give you limited cosmetics.\n\nWorth the money? If you REALLY like these type of board games, sure. Otherwise you’ll likely unlock the achievements and not play it again.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'herhhd hi jdhhdhhdjhdhhd', 'title': 'Some microtransaction money grabs...', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 14, 4, 22, 48), 'review': 'Love the animations and the wheel and this new fresh take of a familiar friendly game we all can enjoy! However; when I bought a bundle pack board and invite a friend to play they don’t enjoy playing and experiencing the same board. Total Bummer!! :/ So note.. unless the person you invite also has the board or board bundles they will get the starting board while playing... I really wish this were changed. \n\nKeep up the great work Team! \n\nThis edition is awesome. (I also have The Game of Life “Vacations” that could use some new options as well).', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'JBone87', 'title': 'Refreshing!! However, a Suggestion...', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17702866, 'body': 'Hello, we are sorry to hear that you are having some trouble with THE GAME OF LIFE 2. The team is aware of these issues and will be releasing a major update to address them and all other known issues as soon as possible. We are sincerely sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. If you have any questions or more concerns, please feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. ', 'modified': '2020-09-04T23:29:10Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 31, 1, 33, 21), 'review': 'I bought this game about a month ago to play with my family and while we had a ton of fun with it initially, lately it’s been impossible to finish a match. We’ve had errors where one player will buy a house and the options overlay on another players screen making it impossible to continue. We had another situation occur multiple times where one player will wind up with multiple marriage marriage partners bugging the vehicle and causing the game to freeze for everyone.\n\nHonestly I’m not sure why these started. It worked fine for a few weeks and then, all of this. I’m not sure how possible it’d be to implement but allowing someone to rejoin after dropping out or reconnecting  could potentially fix the overlay issues.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Revinstant', 'title': 'Far too many game breaking bugs lately', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17467372, 'body': 'Hi Ken and thank you for your review. We are sorry to hear that your experience with The Game of Life 2 has not been a positive one.\n\nWe are reading all player feedback and will make sure to address player concerns in our future updates - we want nothing more than to provide players with the best Game of Life experience possible. The Game of Life 2 will continue to be developed for many years to come, so your feedback is greatly appreciated as it allows us to keep improving.\n\nIn regard to the career and house options, you should not keep getting the same options every time. If that is the case then that may indicate a problem, so I have notified our QA team who will investigate to make sure that the probability of receiving each card remains correct.\n\n\nThanks again for your review. We hope to pleasantly surprise you with our updates!\n\n-help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-08-24T14:43:03Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 23, 1, 7, 16), 'review': 'I love playing Life. It was my favorite board game growing up and I even like the Life app that they came out with. Similar to the board game but had a few cool things added. So I see the advertisement for Life 2 and I’m excited thinking its like the new board game. So I thought. No it’s just a hyped up 3D bore fest! It was a waste of $4 and I’d like a refund. The game is boring. The choices are limited when picking a career or house, etc. And it’s always the same options. Which was always a really exciting part of playing life was choosing from the cool different jobs and houses, etc. Also it is really short game time and so dramatic and extra for no reason. And I know it seems weird for a game to dramatic but if you’ve played it you would understand. I dont recommend anyone whom enjoys the board game or orignal app to buy this cause it was defiantly a waste of time and money.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Ken_zi21', 'title': 'Not Fun At All. Slow. And limited choices!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 21, 10, 53, 55), 'review': 'This game is a really fun version of life, but I have a few issues with it.\n1- The original game has the equivalent number of paydays amongst the different tracks; not so this game.\n2- The taxes are too high (most are over 90% of a payday) which is especially moronic when the tracks are inconsistent with the number of paydays.  In addition, there are “fate spots” on the board which involves spinning the wheel in order to possibly buy a house, have a baby, get a raise, win $100,000, or pay taxes (which has the highest probability of being spun).\n3- It freezes up for which the only fix is restarting the game.  This, obviously, is the most irritating aspect of the game.  Spending additional funds to buy different variations of the game board doesn’t help.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'PandaLover242424', 'title': 'Fun Game, but freezes up.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19225259, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have questions, concerns, or want to share your ideas on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T17:46:50Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 10, 2, 30, 54), 'review': 'This game is fun and I think it is the best of the game of life games. All though I do recommend getting the other game of life games too! But if you can only get one I suggest getting this one it is the best one you can control your character way more. And this is also a good gift to give to someone or just buy it for yourself. You can give it to a loved one and they will Enjoy it very much like a virtual stocking to put little gifts in. Plus this is a great game to stay close without putting your safety to risk. If you like games like Monopoly online or clue you will probably like this game.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'The real Nyla', 'title': 'Love this game', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17309027, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. -help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel.Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:37:34Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 13, 1, 26, 35), 'review': 'Ok so Life has always been my fav board but the game of life 2 beats them all I just love it lol in their virtual game you could always be a girl or boy and marry either as well ( even the wedding videos change according to ur choice) but u had to get married and almost always had kids. Now they’ve have really created the game of life lol it lets you be pink purple or blue also let’s u choose pets or kids and u can stay single the whole game if u want lol like most of all the computers randomize too with all the options and names. Anyways I like the game and u should play it too lol', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Finally!!!LOVE', 'title': 'Love the updates!!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 3, 23, 25), 'review': 'The Game of Life 2, Monopoly, and many other Hasbro game apps have helped connect me and my college friends during quarantine. With us not being in college, and the pause of friend game nights in person, these apps have given us a great outlet to continue the tradition online and connect during these rough times. The Game of Life 2 has put a refreshing new spin on an old game we used to play in our dorm rooms and is modern to today’s times. \n\nThank you for a great experience and a fun time. My friends and I are always pleased with the work put into these apps.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Jarebear7422', 'title': 'Perfect for Game Night', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 27, 13, 50, 38), 'review': 'This game is awesome, but I have a few suggestions. \nOn the fate wheel, the taxes is the biggest space so you almost ALWAYS land on it. I think it would be more fair to make all the spaces the same size. Also, I think it would be great to be able to edit the Players names on Pass & Play, instead of just saying, Player 2, Player 3, Player 4. The last thing is that I think the taxes should be lowered just a little on some of the jobs just to make it a little more fun. I mean, I know taxes are a part of life, but just to make the game more fun. Otherwise, this app is amazing! Thanks!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Abbisoa⚽️🦉🎨', 'title': 'A few suggestions......😁', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 4, 28, 12), 'review': 'Life 2 is a decent and fun game in most respects.  I love the various themes and the addition of attributes in the game (knowledge, wealth, and love).  I even love having to unlock some of the vehicles, avatars, character outfits, etc.  However, it’s frustrating having the same quests to unlock things on every map.  Plus, having to get 30 kids/pets for every map is both long and frustrating.  By the time I’ve completed that quest, I still have to buy houses and am already sick of playing that map.  The developers should lower the amount of babies/pets you need to unlock something and different unlock requirements for each map.', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Femboy397', 'title': 'Dull Quests', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 4, 2, 2, 29), 'review': "Tired of the auto generated reply on these reviews that the outcomes in the game are random. Obviously they're not, and only until you waste your money on this can grab app will you see that. Always feels like a designated winner from the get-go, ranging from being the one to win the game to being the one who always lands on the best number on the wheel each and every turn, including the spins by NPCs to win money from you. To actually win an entire game yourself, you have to play an average 15 times (let's be honest, reset the game from beginning 15 times) which takes quite a while considering the setup is slow to start a new game. The actual Game of Life is a really fun game with a great concept, but this app is rigged.", 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Kurbixnie', 'title': "Game not balanced, devs won't admit that", 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'Honestly, I have no complaints at all. Like the 1st game, it’s a quick but enjoyable summary of life. There’s more choices in this game, which makes it all the more realistic but both versions manage to keep it cartoony as well. As somebody who started playing the Game of Life 1 not even less than a week ago, I have to say I’m hooked to both games. I would definitely recommend this game and the 1st version to those looking for a cheap but fun game to play while social distancing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 22, 22, 12, 18), 'title': 'Even better than the 1st!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16939604, 'body': "Hey Valkyrie! Thank you so much for your review and nice feedback! We are very happy to hear that our Game of Life games have fulfilled your expectations. We are here for you, so if you ever have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:05:22Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Valkyrie McClellan'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is amazing! You get options on marriage, gender, car, color, even you hair or costume! I really suggest you buy this game if you can. Great content, doesn’t exclude genders and is just a great game in general I totally recommend this if you love on the go video games or you just like the game of life and you want to play it al the time with your friends, because you can even play single player on the game, online with friends, pass and play, and more!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 21, 0, 18, 25), 'title': 'Best purchase I have made this year!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23521956, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-06-22T11:03:11Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Clebelandbrownsfan'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'My fiancé and I purchased this game today, and WE LOVE IT! I already purchased an expansion, and got the fairytale pack. I would like to see maybe “CLUBS” added, and a way to add friends! I would like to meet new people, but this current state we can’t. Maybe if we could add the people we play with after a game if we enjoyed it, so we could play again in the future? But other than that love it so far, keep the updates coming ❤️👌🏼', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 26, 9, 51, 51), 'title': 'Great Game, Maybe Couple Features need added', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'OnePunchFB'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'So I got this app because I like the first game and wanted to try this out it’s really good and it’s fun but the only problem I had is the fact that I can’t join games. I don’t know if this feature is in the making or is it just diabled and i was looking in the shop to see if it was a feature that I had to buy, and I didn’t see anything. So I don’t know but I wanted this mainly because I wanted to play with friends but I can’t join their games so if there is a way to do that I would like to know it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 19, 22, 32, 24), 'title': "It's good it just has 1 problem", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'xPumpkinSpicex'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I wish there was a way to earn coins or credits to purchase new avatars, cars, and boards. You have to PAY for the game, then if you’re bored with the original game board, they want FIVE DOLLARS for a new board. If you want new avatars, outfits, and cars, they want a dollar each. They give you goals to meet while playing, but you get nothing for completing all the goals. I was hoping after completing all of the goals for the board, it would give me a new board. Nope. So it’s fun, but it gets old quick and you need to spend money in order to make it interesting again.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 11, 1, 26, 59), 'title': 'Fun but they want money for EVERYTHING', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Blake2318'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'The map design is an improvement in addition to the new mechanics implimented.... but unfortunately because the mini-games was removed, simply spinning the wheel doesn’t really cut it for me. I was so excited playing the first time thinking for the bowling card that they added new mini-games but much to my dissapointment it wasn’t. Honestly if there were to be more minigames, cards and etc I would’ve bought the season pass in a heart beat. Guess I’ll wait and hopefully the money spent towards this version wasn’t as much of a waste, thx dev team for making the game though, best wishes.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 31, 23, 15, 43), 'title': 'Not as interactive', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17101985, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. We are sorry to hear that our Game of Life 2 app didn't quite hit the mark of your expectations. I've shared your concerns and ideas with our design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. If you have more ideas that you wish to see implemented in the game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com.", 'modified': '2020-08-05T15:09:18Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CUA PO TA TO'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I like the improvements. The selling your home options is great. The designs of the vehicles and school options are fun. The game almost reminds me of the PlayStation version that was create years ago. \n\nIf possible can you put more in more options to pick my job or home.\n\nMy biggest complaint is all the boards are the same just the design is different. Can you make some of the boards longer or have different paths? Maybe create cards for that board like you save the princess (increase happiness) or you disgrace a witch....lose next turn. What happen to losing a turn because you got sick or your car/house being destroy due to some disaster. Nothing like the rush of saving money to purchase insurance so you can be cover.\n\nMinor complaint but I was curious....who id ordering take out for 100k??? What on Earth did they buy.......or who were they feeding....the community????', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 17, 14, 1, 53), 'title': 'Fun game', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JayShug'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is so much fun i play it a lot with my siblings and we all love it. I was a little scared purchasing it because some of reviews were saying that it wasn’t a great game but i was very surprised when i played. I love how there is many options to the game play and your person, back round, and everything else. I  would definitely  recommend this game if you like the game in real life lol and to play with your friends or family or by yourself even!! :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 23, 6, 37), 'title': 'Great game!! :)', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'pj_panda'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This app is so fun and addicting!! I play it so much and it sorta teaches life skills! 👉🏼👈🏼 (the game does have in app purchases) I don’t buy anything in the game, and it’s still really fun and it doesn’t matter if you buy or not. (It probably helps the developers) Overall, AMAZING!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Suggested: Please make it when your online with other people, you have a chat so you can talk and meet new people! It would be so fun to chat with other players!!!!!! Thanks!! 💗💗💗💗💗💕', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 6, 21, 37, 45), 'title': 'GREAT APP!!! And suggestions', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ahl003'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'Hello! Even tho the game has only 1 map available you can still play, When I first downloaded this game I was lucky because I won the first round. Although the game needs to lower the price it’s still fun. Some other advices are you should add a family choice that is “Dog & Child” , And more free maps. Some other reviews give the game 1 star because the price is to many and because people are cheating, The game is fun and has a happy music. I have never writed a review😅, I just hope that this helps the game..', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 14, 20, 4, 42), 'title': 'It’s Alright😊', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'laly1297'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'So while I was playing because I was making a video it froze on me the only thing was working was the settings and I was on live and it kicked me out I was about to be the first person to win and it unfortunately made cry and it unfroze but I was the last person to win it froze for 30 minutes and it took me a hour to get in a game with my sister and brothers and it a was a waste of time when it froze and I was last place so my siblings just laughed and left me there crying!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 1, 23, 13, 10), 'title': 'Please read', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'hi hi hi hi hi hi hi luni'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': '100% ❤️ love this game and totally 💁\u200d♀️ recommend it! So ☑️ easy to 🎮 play and 🎨 graphically splendid! The small cost is definitely worth it 😍! Developers: There’s only ☝️ one thing that would make this 🎮 game 👌 perfect; More Children Chances! I’m probably not the first to ask, but please please please add more options to have kids/pets! I usually go about 4 whole GAMES before I get even one! So please consider adding more of this! <3', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 27, 20, 0, 17), 'title': 'Amazing! More Kids Please!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LifeFern6598'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'The board is too short. In many of the options where you can choose which way you want to go (for example the family route), there are only about 7 or 8 spaces, so if you roll a 9 or 10, it makes the path obsolete. Additionally, more custom options and more job options! In the original, there were many more job options as well as home options. Additionally, unless you choose the investment path instead of the family path, you most likely won’t get a home, which doesn’t make sense. Overall disappointing, but there is lots of potential.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 4, 40, 52), 'title': 'Lacking Many Features', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16939634, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback. We really appreciate your ideas, and I've shared them with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in the Game of Life 2!\r\n\r\n", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:07:25Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Es091493'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'The game is a lot of fun but the game doesn’t evolve and every new update asks for more money. I’d be more willing to spend additional money if every single thing wasn’t an additional charge. They game is also way to short. As soon as it gets going you’re done. If you roll a couple 10s you really feel like you didn’t do much all game. Also each action or everything about the game feels like minimal effort was put in so that makes me feel like buying additional maps or whatever will also be very 1 dimensional.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 20, 13, 23), 'title': 'Unsupported', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ripthajacker211'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is so much fun. Downloaded it to play online with family and friends so we can continue our family game night during the pandemic. A few of us (including me) purchased all the worlds, and it is SO worth the money. Just played the most recently released world and it’s a great time. A lot of detail goes into the design, and I love unlocking new outfits and cars. Highly recommend!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 18, 21, 18, 51), 'title': 'Such a blast!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JeanGrimm'}, {'rating': 3, 'review': 'I grew up playing the original board game. And I was so heartbroken when I couldn’t update my game because the creators decided to make a new one. That game in my opinion was a million times better. And with these new versions I love how versatile it is.  Being able to marry who you want and deciding your own sexual orientation is amazing but I feel like you could’ve incorporated that into the original game. Even if it’s for a limited time and costs $$$ just please bring back the old Game of life.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 17, 17, 28, 24), 'title': 'Bring back the original Game of Life please', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jazy_cakes'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'I enjoy this game a lot. It’s fun and as a lot of things you can unlock. Not pay to win. One thing I would like to see in the expansions is a bit more detail. What I mean when I say this is that jobs are updated say dragon tamer in the fairytale land but that’s it. The actions aren’t updated to reflect the fairytale land. An example could be love potion for more happiness points. Switch the actions around it’ll feel a bit more authentic. Again great game I love it! Only putting this as a suggestion :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 21, 11, 16), 'title': 'Pretty fun', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Solseraph'}, {'rating': 4, 'review': 'This game is great! I love life! I like how they added pets and customizable pegs. Online is super fun! I just wish they had a longer version of life and more chances to get babies and pets. And more pay days. It would be nice if everything wasn’t so hard to unlock and you didn’t have to buy the fairy tale board and the haunted board. So yeah I have some suggestions but over all a great game! I really hope they keep updating the game! \n\nP.S Thanks for taking the time to read       this!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 12, 4, 56, 36), 'title': 'Pretty Amazing', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19225398, 'body': "Hi Linden! Thank you for your feedback is much appreciated! I've shared your concerns with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. Just to clarify, we offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. If you have any further concerns or questions, please feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T17:59:42Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Linden B.'}, {'rating': 5, 'review': 'I really enjoyed this app along with my girlfriend and her little brother. However, I’m a bit skeptical if other kids will like this app because my GF’s little brother got bored 3 minutes in and decided to play fortnite instead. It made me upset that a kid didn’t want to play a kids game since you would think they would\nEnjoy it the most. Oh well.... I guess I just don’t know what kids like anymore', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 21, 1, 28, 45), 'title': 'Dear to whom it may concern', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lovscott'}, {'rating': 2, 'review': 'I really like playing this game and I like all the different things you can do on the app. The reason I gave this app 2 stars was because if I am paying for an app I would expect that app to work... this game has crashed on me so many times. What makes it worse is a lot of the times it’s at the end of the game when it’s tallying points so I don’t even know who won!! I just thing it’s very disappointing that I paid $3 for a game that crashes... should have been free at that point because usually only games that are free or have ads crash.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 4, 4, 14, 15), 'title': 'Very fun but has issues', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20967988, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are having fun with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. ", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:16:03Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'taytay5610'}, {'userName': 'Smittycn', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is a life game do you know the game the board and just give me is so good like you can get in first place and I just go in first place and their place fourth place in second place that all those championships places you can it’s very good you can get first place so you got first place and then you were so excited it’s a really good game we should play it have a good time playing it', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Is is very very good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 10, 1, 22, 46)}, {'userName': 'Mokihana100', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18218772, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. \n\nActually, the game already has a timer implemented in order to avoid players holding up the match indefinitely, by replacing them with an AI player.\r What you've experienced was probably a general disconnection that ended up freezing your game, however, our team is already working on fixing it, and we will release an update with some performance and stability tweaks very soon. \n\nIf you have any questions, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\n", 'modified': '2020-10-01T15:32:22Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I always enjoyed playing the game of life games. But I do have two problems with it, one the cost of having expansion packs (fairytale) is kinda ridiculous considering we bought the game from the start. If there was a way we could earn points from wining games to unlock these things that would be great. Second it would be cool if there was a timer when your playing online. Some players take there sweet time if there was a countdown we can avoid making the game longer then it has to be.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Life', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 29, 19, 4, 31)}, {'userName': 'dempsey61', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22878308, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are extremely pleased to hear that you are having fun with The Game of Life 2 app! If you ever have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to let us know by sending us an email to help@marmalademial.com. We are here to help you out!", 'modified': '2021-05-18T15:01:20Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I originally had the most critical review complaining the game was rigged . I thought I would give it a chance.  I jumped the gun . I have won like 7 games in a row , which tells me there is no way the game can be rigged . The sound effects & the graphics of these games are great !!!  I own all of the life games & am hoping that they will come out with some new ones .  Keep up the good work Marmalade !!!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Jumped the gun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 17, 3, 47, 51)}, {'userName': 'TravisTragedy', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Amazing... but... I hate that I cannot back up my save game files. I’ve been working so hard on completing collectibles in the game on my phone. I just recently got a new iPad Air to find out, I cannot get my save file from my phone onto the iPad version of the game. It’s very annoying. I don’t want to have to start all over again on my iPad. Other than that, the game is perfect.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Amazing... but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 3, 15, 53)}, {'userName': 'MHart24', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve always loved playing Life! The animations in this one are cute and earning puzzle pieces to unlock new outfits, cars and icons makes it more engaging. Also, love the purple, gender neutral option & able to grow a family by choosing kids or pets!\nHowever, the action card results are repetitive which is disappointing, especially for a paid game. And the job options are limited too, more variety would make the game better.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 2, 23, 9, 32)}, {'userName': 'MmDREA', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19475678, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:24:33Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'New LONGER Maps!! I wish there were more maps as well as making them longer. The games go by to fast. More jobs to choose from as well. Life has been my all time favorite game growing up. I love love love playing. I’ve collected everything already now I am getting bored form the same three maps. Please please please add more content.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game but could us some....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 22, 27, 17)}, {'userName': 'ohforfksake', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s bothersome that I paid for this game and then cool new updates some out like this one for the Halloween layout and you have to pay for it! That’s kind of bs. I mean we paid for the app, we play the game and win all the collectibles then nothing. Just keep playing the game over and over. It’s quite boring. \nI was hoping we could do more with character customization and we could have access to the other board layouts without having to pay so much! Such a bummer!', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I love the game, but', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 0, 22, 16)}, {'userName': 'Tadd S.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I payed the money because I was like, it’s Christmas, let me treat myself. It’s not worth it. It also just seems like a rage game like everything is against you. The AI doesn’t seems intelligent. Like they know your the human and only target you\nAlso the customization is horrible and the micro transactions. I already payed for the game, now I have to pay to play more! Look, I used to love this game but not anymore. Also, the speed through is to slow. Either allow me to skip the others or let me do 10x-15x faster', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'It’s the most calming rage game I’ve played', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 0, 47, 18)}, {'userName': 'quettecity', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20701128, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:22:23Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’m a fan of the game life and since I found out that there was a Moblie game called game Of life 2 I bought the bundle. Not only did y’all bring my childhood dream back alive u get to do it online with friends plus the added features are really great highly recommend for everyone ages 4-up it’s a family game and never know when u need t have fun in life💯🥰', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love it must buy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 26, 0, 31, 18)}, {'userName': 'AWESOME CHEF 249', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16795802, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that you love our Game of Life app. I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.", 'modified': '2020-07-22T05:45:54Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game and it was worth the money! I just have one suggestion to make: I think it would be great to have older versions of the game on the App Store. Hasbro used to have this version on the App Store. I also have it on my very old iPad. I am sure a lot of people would love to see that come back! Thank you so much if you read this!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Please add a classic version!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 15, 53, 4)}, {'userName': 'tronomega', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I know it’s a silly game but I think it’s lacking in the inclusivity of it. For example, when you choose the first option marriage wise, a husband, as your mate it automatically shows a segment with a husband and wife. If you choose a woman as the person you’d marry it automatically shows you a husband and wife. But if you pick the third, *apparently* unacceptable option it automatically shows two men getting married. So why don’t we get two women getting married if you have us choose a gender?', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Options', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 3, 17, 12)}, {'userName': 'KTH00615', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a really cool game. I really enjoy all of the features that make this version new and exiting, such as pets, skins, cars, and other pictures. I do have a suggestion though. You start with one map and the rest cost more money. I think it would be more fun if there was a way to unlock more maps in the game, like a bonus level or objective similar to how you unlock more characters.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Awesome Game!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 12, 31, 9)}, {'userName': 'Dolts334455', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'What was wrong with the old game? Choose a man or a woman.. no, now for marriage there has to be three selections. Why do these dolts continue to cater to less than 1% of the population. Just make the game as it was without pushing a political agenda. \n\nAside from that, to the meat of the issue with this game, after a few games you’re done adding advancements until you buy more content. It’s also buggy, keeps freezing at one point and the only way out is to shut down the app and start over. Played for a bit but ultimately deleted it due to crashes,', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Another “woke” company', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 17, 2, 17, 44)}, {'userName': 'Ladana33', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19475663, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review. We are sorry for the confusion. Unfortunately, there is no feature that will allow you to play online with friends and the computer. You are able to do so by using the option "Pass & Play" however, it will involve you both to use the same device. Regardless, I have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don\'t hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2.\r\n', 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:23:44Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I tried playing this again with my husband but we are unable to play together and have the other 2 players as computer.  If you pick play with friends you cannot have 2 computers and my husband and myself in a game.  If you pick multiplayer online you just get 3 random other players.  I am pretty sure that my husband and I played together with 2 other computer players.  Did you take that feature out?', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Play with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 3, 9, 5)}, {'userName': 'Scary959', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22463253, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-04-26T14:03:51Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really enjoy the game, however, many times while I’m playing the game will just freeze when the player has a choice card or path. I find it to be extremely annoying when it happens because I cannot continue playing without having to reset the entire app. This has been the only issue I have found at this time. Fix that little bug and a 5 star rating will be there!', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Game freezes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 25, 0, 35, 46)}, {'userName': 'Musewriter', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is fun, but way too short! Given that this is a paid game, I expected a lot more content without having to pay yet again. I wish there was a way to choose game board size for longer games, and/or unlock \nable expansions without having to pay the equivalent of yet another game. \n\nIf this were a free app, then the restrictions would be fair enough. But I expect more from a game I paid for.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Needs more without paying (again)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 22, 22, 10, 2)}, {'userName': 'Prince Fade', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20552139, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:52:45Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s fun. But it could be funner. Here’s some of my ideas that I think would make it funner, at least for me. Perhaps more unlockable outfits vehicles customized things etc. Also, when you land on tax spots, it would be neat if at the end of the game you get a tax return or something like that. That’s all. Would be more enjoyable if those things DID end up happening, if anyone even reads this.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun but could be funner', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 17, 12, 47, 35)}, {'userName': 'The OC, forever my love', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18738431, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your feedback. Your suggestion regarding the possibility to skip turns has been passed along to the design team so that they may take it into consideration in our future updates.\n\nIn the mean time, please know that you can control how many AI players are present in your Single Player game, from 1 and up to 3. To remove AI players, simply tap the X located on the top-right corner of their card, while on the avatar/color/vehicle selection screen.\n\nPlease let us know if you have any more suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. -help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r', 'modified': '2020-10-27T15:26:01Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I wish there were a skip turn option for single player mode. Since I can’t control how many players, the computer’s turn takes 300% more time than my turn. I don’t care what choices the computer makes. Even the 5x faster option means I spend twice the amount of time watching as actually playing. It’s not really enjoyable to watch a game I’ve paid to play. Can skip turns be enabled?', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Turns take too long', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 21, 19, 10, 53)}, {'userName': 'M. Quiroz', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'My wife and daughter love playing this game! We all play on our iPad as well as separately on our devices. I do have a question as far as the in-app purchase for the season pass goes though. If I purchase the season pass on my phone can I share the in-app purchase of the season pass with family share? That would definitely bump my review up to 5 stars!', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great fun with family', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 19, 1, 24, 18)}, {'userName': 'v Musikkiia', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really like this game, its fun and keeps me entertained with all the new things to do, plus the purple peg option is really cool! But, there are NOT enough jobs whatsoever. I’m always stuck between the same two for both going to college once and then getting the masters degree. Wheres the job diversity of the original? It makes it feel very repetitive when you can only pick between the same two jobs every single game.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Not enough jobs.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 28, 22, 58, 40)}, {'userName': 'nowammiesdude', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 7, 0, 33, 44), 'title': 'It’s worth buying ( BUY IT NOW)', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23268020, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-06-08T15:10:53Z'}, 'review': 'I love it so much I think the reason it cost money because it doesn’t have any ads and also you get bonuses from the game to get you a higher level like when I was in 3rd place that helped me get 2nd because I had the most knowledge, and had 3 happiness, and 3 wealths go buy IT NOW'}, {'userName': 'vdjjdjdjnd', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 19, 16, 7, 38), 'title': 'Incredible', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22377394, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-04-21T14:18:07Z'}, 'review': 'I thought this game was going to be terrible but when I got me first game it was so fun and amazing  you can get the choice of a child or a pet, if u are a boy or girl, the option if u want to marry or not, if you want to do college or not and gives u the option of who u want to marry. I say play this incredible game🤩🥳'}, {'userName': 'FrenziedV0rcha', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 23, 9, 38, 26), 'title': 'Feels entirely arbitrary', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'As in the title, first six turns I spun a 1 or a 2. During the “everybody spin” cards, the Ai rolled a 10 so often it had to keep doing a tie breaker on itself. Got none of the optional things (houses, children) despite constantly choosing those paths which is just ludicrous odds. The spinner feels worse than the other games, because it doesn’t register a single spin, which means you can’t even try to land in certain spots which was pretty much the only strategy you had for any of the other games. Just get an older version.'}, {'userName': 'xteenqueenbabex', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 1, 22, 3, 7), 'title': 'Fun but unfair', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17094580, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review and feedback. We are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that Monopoly’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:20:28Z'}, 'review': 'Game is fun, could use some more options with careers. This would have been 5 stars if they did not always made the "computer" win almost every time I play a new game. I understand to make the game more challenging but not to a point where I am losing a lot, even when I actually try hard to win or get more points, and  including the "computer" getting better chances and options every game.'}, {'userName': 'kass ramirez', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 3, 2, 6, 41), 'title': 'Glitch', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22615605, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review! Players will only see the themed Worlds in-game if they own them. So if you create and host a game with, say, the Haunted Hills World, if your opponents do not own this World they will not be able to see it. They will, however, see whatever outfit, avatar and vehicle you choose. I hope this clarifies and apologies for the inconvenience. \r\n', 'modified': '2021-05-04T13:58:55Z'}, 'review': 'I bought the haunted hills pack so me and my girlfriend can enjoy the game even more but when we start it up, I can see that I’m playing in haunted hills but on her screen it only shows her playing on the classic version. Please fix this bug asap because I literally bought the bundle because we both enjoy the game. Thank you.'}, {'userName': 'alvarez brandon11', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 2, 11, 33), 'title': 'Sorry', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This is titled sorry because I was playing and some thing popt  up and instead of saying yes I put no on accident so sorry game of life people craters\nI know it’s not a big deal I just wanted to say that I enjoyed the game I just miss click by the way it was if I was enjoying the game and I pressed now so sorry 😞 thx 😊.    \n 👁👄👁'}, {'userName': 'AppDude27', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 22, 47, 18), 'title': 'Great! But one suggestion...', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20221983, 'body': "Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations. \n\nI have forwarded your suggestion to the design team so that it can be taken into consideration for future updates. \n\nIf you have any more suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, please don't hesitate to let us know, as we are always monitoring player feedback and often implement the most requested features. -help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. \n\nThank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-06T16:06:29Z'}, 'review': 'This is The Game of Life, and Marmalade Game Studio hit this one out of the park. They are becoming THE brand for board game ports. I love Marmalade Game Studio! \n\nThe only suggestion I have for faster games is to allow for single player. Instead of playing against the computer, can we play against ourselves and try to beat our own high score? \n\nI’d imagine it would always be your turn, and at the end, the game would place your score on a board specific leaderboard to see how you did compared to last games. \n\nThat way you can play without having to wait for the AI opponent. \n\nThanks!'}, {'userName': 'jeanne pecan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 15, 13, 38, 3), 'title': 'Great and fun game!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23437063, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review and for the suggestion! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-06-17T09:29:32Z'}, 'review': 'This game is amazing!! You can do so much stuff in it! I love that you guys added a pet feature to the family! I also like how I get to choose which starter car I get! You guys did such a great job on it! Also I have a job recommendation. I think a vet would be very adorable!'}, {'userName': 'NeonDemon1224', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 2, 24, 46), 'title': 'Love, but want more', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I wish the course was longer or that there were more boards to play on. The prices for the upgrades are absolutely insane! I feel like for $2.99 you should get more options of boards or length of game. \n\nAdditionally, I wish the avatars were more customizable. I really wanna see my block head kicking booty around the board.'}, {'userName': 'Catsss2011', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 20, 0, 21, 3), 'title': 'Love Life 2', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18052436, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. It's great to hear that our Game of Life 2 app, met your expectations. We appreciate the feedback, and I've shared it with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. If you have more suggestions that you wish to see implemented, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. Keep having a blast :)! ", 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:23:12Z'}, 'review': 'I love this game. You did such a great job. There are no problems and I am enjoying playing it. The only thing we would change is the ability to name the other players when you are playing pass and play. But we are enjoying it a lot.'}, {'userName': 'kileypoo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 28, 15, 53, 7), 'title': 'Chance for growth', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21951505, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or concerns to share. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-03-30T14:02:30Z'}, 'review': 'It’s a great game but I was expecting a lot more from the expansions for the price paid. The boards that you have to pay extra for don’t have board specific action places. For example the fairytale kingdom board could have an action place that makes you choose between going to a ball or going to the village. I hope the boards get updated for more specific actions and gameplay. Then I’ll rerate it much higher'}, {'userName': 'jmunseld', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 2, 22, 3, 17), 'title': 'Possible glitch', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312818, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:20:54Z'}, 'review': 'Although I love the game I have noticed that the pay may have a glitch when playing the single user against the cpu. For example: when selecting a career, the other choice is indeed chosen.  When selecting college the second time the cpu will select a lower salary, and then given 200K salary. \n\nBut overall, I enjoy playing.'}, {'userName': 'pandomando123', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 3, 13, 22, 53), 'title': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17101449, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are sorry to hear that you've encountered this bug in your matches. I've already forwarded your concerns to our QA team, and rest assured that they will find a fix for this as soon as possible. We are very happy to hear that you love the game and we really hope you continue to have a blast! If you have any concerns or questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com.", 'modified': '2020-08-05T14:43:21Z'}, 'review': 'I love this game and I just got it yesterday and bought the 2nd map but sometimes I have this bug that happens with the bots and they won’t do anything and at the bottom it says "waiting for" and then the name and the only way to fix it is to restart the game \n\nPlease fix it I love this game'}, {'userName': 'oakley joky', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 25, 15, 21, 47), 'title': 'Inclusive gameplay!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love the inclusive gameplay! In the old game of life game, if you were a boy you married a girl and if you were a girl you married a boy. But in this version you can marry a boy, girl, and even a nonbinary person! As a nonbinary person myself I was super exited to see a gender neutral option!'}, {'userName': 'Waterfall17', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 2, 9, 36, 25), 'title': 'Nothing beats the original', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Disappointed in the cost and the outcomes. In the original, you have many chances to buy a house, get a decent career, and have children. Children are scarce here. No twins, either.\n\nI like the addition of different life paths and the option to have more counting than just money, but honestly…maybe don’t offer the whole “grow your family” option if it isn’t actually possible.'}, {'userName': 'Susie Reese', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 16, 15, 8, 23), 'title': 'Enjoying the game!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22302583, 'body': "Hello Susie and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thank you for playing! ", 'modified': '2021-04-18T08:26:47Z'}, 'review': 'I’m really enjoying this game! I just wish the in-between part where it flashes whose turn it is. It takes too long. Also, the game cards don’t match the game. So if I’m playing Age of Giants, the cards say, “I’m going to a concert,” rather than something prehistoric. Thanks!'}, {'userName': 'calebcaultootplot aa1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 12, 19, 42, 9), 'title': 'Level design', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19226200, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T19:23:28Z'}, 'review': 'Level design would be a cool feature while choosing types of spaces the path the grass and water texture and even the buildings and each pack you buy it will add the lava or spooky buildings and stuff I know this would take a lot of work but it would be great!'}, {'userName': 'Brandi SW Murdock', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 19, 23, 29, 34), 'title': 'Just wanted to add something of my own', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20551772, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:41:39Z'}, 'review': 'I don’t wanna make this long so I just wanna add something called a invest space if you land on a invest space (not much on board) you can pay $500 and get like $2,000 in 3 turns. Just wanna give my advice and that’s why I did 4 stars and not 5, but I think this is way better than the game of life, really cool.'}, {'userName': 'TheSweet1😘', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 28, 18, 58, 46), 'title': 'I like the game But', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17657989, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I've already shared your comments with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features, so please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com  should you have more ideas. We hope you keep enjoying our Game Of Life 2 App :)! ", 'modified': '2020-09-02T23:21:03Z'}, 'review': 'The game is good, however my issues are more cosmetic to the developers. When the player gets married, the spouse clothes does not change as they continue on with “Life”, instead they stay in their married attire. Change the clothes please. Also add more Life events , it’s 2020 things are different'}, {'userName': 'LeighLeigh911', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 12, 12, 24, 27), 'title': 'Very short!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309019, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I'm sorry to hear that you didn't enjoyed the Game of Life 2 - I have shared your concerns with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:35:27Z'}, 'review': 'Too short!!! It’s like you blink and the game is done! It doesn’t give you much time or options to get a baby and a pet, I didn’t see houses on there or maybe I skipped them all because it was sooo short!!!! I mean come on... 5 spots then you’re done with college??? \nI wouldn’t buy any DLC for sure considering how short the boards are. Boring fast. Part of life is the fact that it takes time and you have all sorts of options!'}, {'review': 'In my opinion I love this game. It’s fun but I would add a few things. For example being able to talk to your other players. Players can turn the chat on and off. Then block off some work.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '🧐 hi sisters🧐', 'title': 'I would add a few things', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 27, 17, 25, 56), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21951522, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-03-30T14:03:09Z'}}, {'review': 'My fiancé and I don’t get to spend a lot of time together because of our opposing work schedules, but have times in the day where work is slow or one of us is home and we play each other online! It’s so fun!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Kamryn Elyzabeth', 'title': 'Love this game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 21, 1, 15, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20701257, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have questions, concerns, or want to share your ideas on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:28:38Z'}}, {'review': 'I bought this game for my family and I to play, and I would recommend it! The only thing I don’t like about it is you can only buy a house if you land on the house squares. I like in the real game how you have to purchase a home every time. Just my personal preference tho, go ahead and buy  the game!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'kassA16', 'title': 'Good purchase', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 24, 17, 19, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17500218, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We really appreciate your feedback :)! I've already sent your idea to be discussed by our designers during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features, so please, if you have more ideas, don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. Keep having a blast! Best of lucks! ", 'modified': '2020-08-26T02:35:11Z'}}, {'review': 'Great game! I just wish I could add computer players when playing online with friends, I also wish I could communicate with emojis or phrases like in life 1. Other than that this game is really fun and I enjoy it a lot!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'SugarDumplingMuffinBaby', 'title': '10/10', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 8, 5, 48, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20967759, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bWe are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our game. I have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T04:55:23Z'}}, {'review': 'This is a great game but it is $5 for just a map I don’t really think anyone is gonna spend money on the game and it’s my opinion because I wouldn’t because next thing you know they deleted the app and all their money went to waste.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Taleah Johnson', 'title': 'Amazing app but why spend so much money on it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 3, 3, 20, 41), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I saw the reviews and thought it would be fun! I even bought the fairytale theme pack as an in-app purchase thinking it would be all fairy tale themed and I’m very disappointed. It’s basically the same as the original game nothing oh so special but it cost you money. I wish I could get my money back for purchasing this app because this was a waste on $5. Unless you love the game of life than I would just stick to the original one you can get for like $3.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'melissrrrrs', 'title': 'Not worth it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 29, 2, 39, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17702881, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. Thanks!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-09-04T23:30:26Z'}}, {'review': 'So, the game is fun with an update on the original game. My kids love that we can play a game online with multiple devices.  My issue is that immediately my email was sold by the game (the user name gave it away). Suddenly i was flooded with emails I didn’t want or ask for about sales.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Tripletmom04', 'title': 'Fun.  Wish for privacy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 16, 4, 10, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18618865, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review. \n\nTHE GAME OF LIFE 2 has no way to access your email address and does not request it at any point of the game. We only send out sales information to users who register to our newsletter via our website. \n\nWould you be so kind as to email us at help@marmalademail.com so that we may investigate this further?\n\nThank you.', 'modified': '2020-10-21T13:00:11Z'}}, {'review': 'I got the downloadable content for the "Age of Giants" expansion. I know because I even have some of the puzzle pieces for the collectables, and yet the game is saying that I need to buy it (again). If you can\'t make a game this simple, with less bugs than Cyberpunk 2077, then you should stop making games. This is ridiculous, especially with how many issues are already being reported for your poor excuse of a time passer. Garbage game.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'EsseffCee', 'title': 'IRL Money taking glitch', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 22, 0, 31, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21818926, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your review! You should be able to restore your purchases by tapping the “Restore Purchases” button from the The Game of Life 2’s Settings menu (open the game and tap the cog on the top-right corner of the screen). Make sure that you are logged in to the same Apple account that was used for the original purchase.\r\n\r\nPlease feel free to reach out at  help@marmalademail.com if you have any questions and we’ll happily answer them.\r\n', 'modified': '2021-03-23T13:45:20Z'}}, {'review': 'I think it’s hard to get kids or animals then it was in the first game and they game board it’s it easy to follow and they game is short cause the only I only gotten one kid or one pet in each game.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'liiiiiiiiilllllllllllllllllyyy', 'title': 'The game board is hard to follow and not that easy to look at', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 25, 3, 40, 28), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "Last night, I ended up buying the fairytale kingdom world and had a blast playing it!\n\nThis morning, I went in the app to find the “$4.99” sign with all my money gone! \n\nI hope you can fix this problem but if not, I'll understand! 😇", 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Little_Lauren10', 'title': 'World gone missing.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 16, 14, 29, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22878373, 'body': 'Hi Lauren! Please know that you should be able to restore your purchases by tapping the “Restore Purchases” button from the game’s Settings menu. We are sorry for this inconvenience and thank you kindly for playing!', 'modified': '2021-05-18T15:03:41Z'}}, {'review': 'Everything is awesome to graphics and gameplay but the only thing I think this game needs is in game currency so we can buy outfits and vehicles leavings limited edition outfits to costing money and you can earn the currency by winning and doing little quests! 🥳', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Happyday4you', 'title': 'Awesome game! I have Suggestion', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 2, 59, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20701153, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:24:06Z'}}, {'review': 'This game is super fun to play as you get to choose more paths & have more things that can happen. This game can keep you, your kids/parents/family entertained for hours. Keep up the good work Marmalade Game Studio Limited!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'The Diamond Blue', 'title': 'Super Fun & Entertaining', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 25, 13, 42, 54), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I was honestly expecting a lot more fun out of this based on the 4.8 star overall review score and it being listed as one of the top games. The first one was very fun for its time but this one is so boring. It feels very repetitive and the content is so basic. Spin, click choice, spin, click choice, spin, click choice. I stopped playing after three rounds. Zzzzzzz.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'RickeyBobby412', 'title': 'Lacking Content', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 16, 5, 24, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20552250, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:55:23Z'}}, {'review': 'This a good game , very different than the other game. I do like the some of the jobs and that there no little games like in the first the games where replace my the fate i like the fate but there should more of a of like bad stuff. I like the game tho.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Xxweido potatoxX', 'title': 'The new life lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 18, 14, 32, 6), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This game is so much fun and I highly recommend it for all role-play fans. I’ve been trying to find a role-play game for so long but all the ones I download it sucked so this game was a real joy to download.  5/5 for sure.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'FlorpGurl', 'title': 'So Much Fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 30, 4, 3, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 24240699, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-08-01T13:36:22Z'}}, {'review': 'I love the game of life 2, but I think it can be better. I think you should be able to pay taxes whenever. Like I lose games because I didn’t repay my taxes. We should be able to pay taxes whenever. But overall pretty good game.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'App cirtic', 'title': 'Missing one thing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 3, 57, 53), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I love the game. However, we need more careers to choose. I don’t think it is right that we have to purchase the next boards. We should be able to earn them like the puzzle pieces. Also, I think boards should a longer.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'CruzMomOf2', 'title': 'Few Things', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 3, 18, 20, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17101444, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying the Game of Life 2. We really appreciate you taking the time to share your ideas with us. I've already sent these ideas to our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in The Game of Life 2!\n", 'modified': '2020-08-05T14:43:01Z'}}, {'review': 'This game is so cool I can change my character and there’s a lot of stuff that’s very nice you should by this app because it’s a fun game and very cheap only 2$ 99 cents so make sure to buy it\n\nLove, biggest fan of this game', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Allenwtch', 'title': 'I love this game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 9, 0, 11, 17), 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Game freezes. Especially frustrating when you play a whole game and it freezes when starting to do the final scoring...and you don’t get to see the results at all. \n\nNot even enough icons to have a unique icon for every player...how hard is that. \n\nGame could be really good but fails to deliver and easy things.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'rickyricky316', 'title': 'Game glitches and does not seem finished', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 3, 21, 18, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902574, 'body': 'Hello, we are sorry to hear that you are having some trouble with THE GAME OF LIFE 2. The team is aware of these issues and will be releasing a major update to address them and all other known issues as soon as possible. We are sincerely sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. -help@marmalademail.com for direct assistance.\r\n', 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:46:08Z'}}, {'review': 'Very fun when playing with friends. Not so much when your alone. But ai convinced everyone to get it. And we have a great time playing together. Would recommend, 10/10, send to a friend.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'GidThaKidd', 'title': 'Loads of Fun!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 9, 20, 0, 25), 'isEdited': False}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Doctor shopper', 'review': 'I played this game with my friend and had so much time if your looking for a fun game family game this is it. It cost money but it’s so worth it I’m not a bot I actually played this and had so much fun so hope you do to if you want to and if you can bye.', 'title': 'THIS GAME IS SO COOL I ENJOYED IT SO MUCH!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 21, 2, 55, 42)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Anonymous roblox lover', 'review': 'Now this is wonderful I love the way the game is built like the first one but it’s like a 2.0 version amazing 😇', 'title': 'This is better then the first one I still liked the other one though', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 28, 4, 7, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'chocolate laberdoodle', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20968013, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have questions, concerns, or want to share your ideas on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:19:20Z'}, 'review': 'I love this game it’s better on iPad or phone then the board game! You can play in the car with no WiFi it’s so worth to buy. If you delete it it will be free when you re-download it it’s totally amazing', 'title': 'AMAZING AND WORTH TO BUY', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 3, 12, 23, 26)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Nicholas Doulgass', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16853729, 'body': 'Hi Nicholas and thank you for your candid feedback.\nThe Classic Collectables present in the game can be earned by playing the Classic World and completing the challenges given. Overall they provide you with 3 extra outfits, 3 extra avatars and 2 extra vehicles, at no extra charge. You may, however, be referring to the Fairytale Kingdom Collectables so, in order for me to address your concerns, I will also explain the "no micro transactions" part of our game\'s description, as well as clarify the presence of in-app purchases within the game. To begin with, when referring to micro-transactions we are speaking about those in-game transactions that require an in-game currency (for example, 1000 crystals to unlock an outfit), or that block you from playing the game until you have enough of a certain resource, which can be replenished by either making a purchase with real money or by waiting a few hours up to a day. This type of monetization is NOT present in The Game of Life 2. However, as is the case with all of our other digital board-game adaptations, The Game of Life 2 includes in-app purchases in the form of cosmetics, that gives players the option to change the look of their board and play-pieces. This is similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life tabletop board-game or The Game of Life Simpsons edition. Our goal is to offer more visual choice to our players while still making it a choice. If we were to price The Game of Life 2 based on the total amount of development that was and will continue to be put into the new Worlds it would go well above its current sale price, and that wouldn’t be fair to the players who simply want the classic experience. To further clarify, purchasing the base game will give you access to the full game in terms of game-play functionality and features. You absolutely do not need to purchase anything else from the store in order to enjoy The Game of Life 2.\nRegardless, we appreciate your feedback and can see that the game\'s description regarding "no micro-transactions" may be confusing to players. We will make sure to edit the description in our next update to prevent further confusion.\nAs for your comparison to the original game, we are sorry to hear that The Game of Life 2 did not meet your expectations. We plan to develop this game for many years to come and very often implement the features most requested by our players, so please do not hesitate to let us how you think we may improve The Game of Life 2 - we would love to hear your thoughts! If you would prefer a more direct means of contact, please use help@marmalademail.com instead. Thank you for reading. We hope to surprise you with our coming updates!', 'modified': '2020-07-24T16:25:56Z'}, 'review': 'They take a lot of pride saying “no micro transactions.” Then right off their main menu is a shop option with tons of “collectables” to buy. Their not collectables if u have to spend real money to obtain them. Things such as a outfits, vehicles, and avatar skins, board skins, and even a $35 season pass. I enjoyed the original because its simplicity evoked imagination and awe. This feels lifeless and gimmicky..', 'title': 'Not Free to Play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 7, 0, 34)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'JonPattReview', 'review': 'If you’re looking for a time passer, and enjoyed the board game - this game hits a sweet spot. I would prefer having a way to speed up a few things or have a quick game mode which is why 4 stars is what it gets.', 'title': 'Ten minutes at a time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 7, 57, 22)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Yugioh101', 'review': 'I’d recommend paying the money it’s a really good game and your fam and all buy it and play it you don’t got the board game and I think this is better then the board game because of the amazing animations', 'title': 'Amazing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 27, 16, 24, 39)}, {'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'SirTwizzler', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23883981, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! \r\n", 'modified': '2021-07-12T14:13:34Z'}, 'review': 'I love the new attributes. I think they are just so creative and put a new spin on things. I also like the new customizations that can be made. Just overall, an amazing game. -TwizzlerOfTime', 'title': 'Fantabulous', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 18, 36, 16)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'kkhshannon', 'review': 'Fun game, but should not be the price it is. I had this game on my ipad about 8-10 years ago & it was way more fun! This game has less than half the options the first one did; between education, career, houses, family, & retirement. The old game was longer & more interactive. Sadly I only played this updated version a few times before getting bored & deleting it. Waste of money.', 'title': 'Waste of Money', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 27, 2, 50, 45)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Miss Shimmer', 'review': 'After the latest update, I lost all of my progress and now it freezes after other players’ turns. Super annoying because I have to force quit and restart the game. \n\nSuggestions:\n1) When I’m playing single player I don’t want to watch the computer play. There should be a way to skip their turns. \n2) It would be nice to be able to zoom in and out of the map. Right now you can’t change the focus and pan around.\n3) Have an index of all of the jobs / actions \n4) Let us choose our pet and make the babies purple, blue, and pink.', 'title': 'Slow and Buggy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 29, 21, 51, 54)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Tlagnhoj', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20700526, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T05:35:36Z'}, 'review': 'In a multiplayer game online the game will sometimes skip over a player and play the next two players at the same time. There are also other bugs with the AI players where the computer will not make a decision. Beyond that, it is a nice game', 'title': 'Buggy at times', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 26, 0, 55, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'SierraLL', 'developerResponse': {'id': 21818966, 'body': "Hi Sierra and thank you for your feedback! We are very sorry to hear that you are unhappy with The Game of Life 2.\r I can assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\n\r\n\r\n", 'modified': '2021-03-23T13:47:23Z'}, 'review': 'Now don’t look at me crazy, but I stand by what I said. The game is rigged for the NPC’s favor. I’ve done quite a bit of games and it always starts and finishes the same. Spinning lower numbers and being the last to finish. Once all the npc get to retirement is only when I start hitting higher numbers on the spin. They always seem to attack me when there are challenges.', 'title': 'The computer players are rigged.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 21, 14, 23, 21)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Alairyn', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19621529, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-08T13:51:41Z'}, 'review': 'I love the game but it makes it hard to get a family  ,and you can pick the family route but it is difficult to get  a baby vs the the game  of life one when you have. Better chances of get a baby.', 'title': 'Nice game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 3, 1, 9, 26)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Catie Jo 87', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16657008, 'body': "Hi Catie!!! Thank you for your review. We are extremely happy to hear that you love our Game of Life 2. The ability to pick a cat and a dog as a family is also one of my favorite additions! If you have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-07-15T23:16:22Z'}, 'review': 'Omg I’m so pumped about this game because I LOVED the original, but it didn’t have any pets. But then I was looking at the App Store and saw this and I’ve now played it and I LOVE it!\nSo pls keep making your great games!', 'title': 'Wow I’m the first to congratulate!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 14, 59, 41)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'alyssa4151', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23609873, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-06-27T13:00:35Z'}, 'review': 'I love playing Life, but I feel like its not a long enough game, I feel like I never get the chance to buy a house or have a kid. The game play is fun and I like it, I just wish there were more tiles until retirement. Kinda disappointed since I paid money for this.', 'title': 'Very short', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 23, 18, 44, 26)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Minimally Free', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19475791, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:30:06Z'}, 'review': 'The game is fun and relaxing, much needed during these stressful times. \n\n A couple of notes: the game does freeze up forcing a game close and reopen.  The good news is, the game loads right up (unlike Life Vacation, where it does not).  \n\nIn keeping with tradition, more than one player should not have the same job; once a job card is taken, that card should be out of play, same with the houses.  \n\nThe attributes are really fun and add a different level to the game, which is great! \n\nThank you', 'title': 'Fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 13, 46, 18)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Thumpdink', 'review': 'I’ll play the game so many times and not even get the chance to buy a house and have kids. It’s so difficult & really there aren’t a lot of choices when you land on spaces. After a few plays it gets old. Stick to any previous versions of Life. I even purchased all the worlds and there is seriously no point to buying them.', 'title': 'Buy the Board Game lol', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 16, 37, 3)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'JVerdusco90', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17094498, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review. I'm very sorry to hear about your bad experience. Could you please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com to get direct assistance? Once you purchase a theme, you own it for life, is not only a one time use. Please send us the email, and we'll make sure you have your theme back. Again, we apologize for the inconvenience. ", 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:18:14Z'}, 'review': 'Great game enjoyed playing with the kiddos. I even purchased the Fairytale Kingdom Bundle yesterday paid the $5.99 and we all loved it sadly we did not know that the $5.99 was going to be for a one time use. We only got to play one game in the Fairytale Kingdom. We were excited to play again but I will not be paying the $5.99 every time we want to play.', 'title': 'Great game!  BUT!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 1, 3, 54, 27)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'riddikulusrae', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17094349, 'body': "Hey! thank you for your feedback and review. I'm sorry to hear that you had a bad experience with our Game of Life 2 game. I've already made the team aware of this, and also shared your idea of adding a save option. If you have any more ideas that you'd like to see implemented please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:14:44Z'}, 'review': 'Really liking this game, but had for a few hours and has already froze twice while playing single player. Add a save game option maybe would be nice. Then I wouldn’t loose my progress.', 'title': 'Great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 31, 3, 22, 44)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'abc23dfg. Confederate', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16939564, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your feedback. I've already shared your concerns with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features, so if you have more ideas that you wish to see in the Game of Life 2, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:02:37Z'}, 'review': 'I’ve played all the life games over the years and this one is terrible. It’s nothing like the Original Life Game. Bring back the EA Games Life the board game back. If you were going to make a the game of life 2 At least make it less boring this one really got boring reallt fast.  I guess the only good thing I liked about it was the option not to marry. But overall this game needs work.', 'title': 'It’s life but it’s not Life', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 22, 8, 15, 33)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'gkennedy272', 'review': 'My friend and I both bought the game to play together, however, I accidentally left the game and was not able to get back in. This happened several times and is quite frustrating and I also could not find any information on how to get back into an unfinished game.', 'title': 'Fun but not worth it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 18, 0, 24, 22)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20551950, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:47:45Z'}, 'userName': 'LoomyThreatz', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 19, 22, 43, 7), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game made new.', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game of life and this game makes it even more fun. With its new features and you don’t have a problem of not enough people wanting to play.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19475719, 'body': 'Hello, we are sorry to hear that you are having some trouble with THE GAME OF LIFE 2. The team is aware of these issues and will be releasing updates to address them and all other known issues as soon as possible. We are sincerely sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. -help@marmalademail.com for direct assistance.\r\n', 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:26:21Z'}, 'userName': 'StacyEld', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 22, 35, 40), 'rating': 1, 'title': 'App keeps freezing...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'App keeps freezing right in the middle of the game and I my loses all my progress, it so frustrating. I wish I could keep playing whole game in fast forward with out having to reset the fast forward each time the game requires a decision. So it drags on and on and then freezes. Definitely has bugs that need to be worked out.'}, {'userName': 'bella bellla bellla', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 8, 12, 53, 33), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love it 🥰', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the app but I think  the app needs some more land to play with out paying but the game is so fun and when my friends got the app I loved playing this game more and more'}, {'userName': 'Lightning#2821', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 10, 13, 20, 25), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'One of the best games ever played', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Me and my sister play this game all the time it is so much fun!! You have to buy this game! It has way more activities Than the board game.'}, {'userName': 'JadedUnikitty', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 5, 21, 45, 35), 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Needs updates!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It tends to be a little laggy and definitely not as fun as the first one only thing different is you can customize your vehicles and person clothes and there are two maps (one you have to buy) if I were to suggest out of 1 and 2 I suggest getting the first game of life on mobile.'}, {'userName': 'Amelia liyn', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 16, 1, 25), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is so fun I play it every day I recommend this game for your kids and friends you should play it with your friends or kids I love it so much'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19475825, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:32:50Z'}, 'userName': 'jiselle. :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 4, 14, 3), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'It’s good', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really love this game it’s super fun the graphics are fantastic but I think that maybe you should give us a good look at the map when I got in the game I was a little confused on how the map worked and everything goes super fast other then that..it’s awesome! 😊'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16795755, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. We are happy to hear that you are enjoying our Game of Life 2 App. It's awesome to hear that you like it so much that you want more per match. I have shared this idea with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. In the meantime, if you have more ideas or feedback, please don't hesitate to share them by sending us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-07-22T05:44:13Z'}, 'userName': 'HappyGiraffe😄🦒', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 18, 11, 42), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'I love it but...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It goes too quickly so I would LOVE IT if it was longer! You need more chances to get children as well! To make it longer you have as an option for long or short game.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22463247, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-04-26T14:03:35Z'}, 'userName': 'akrwee', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 24, 19, 38, 47), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love this', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I Love this game it’s like real life but a game! You should play it! It’s a dream literlly! I should have got this YEARS ago like so fun fuuuuuuuuun also vaction and 1 are good get them and you won’t regret it trust me so fun'}, {'userName': 'K1ngKoop', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 21, 16, 27), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'This game is…', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'FANTASTIC!! I love have parties and barbecue without houses And you can be the colors pink blue and purple And name stupid cpus *hint* try to lose if you don’t try you will still lose👍and that is so not awesome'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17657971, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are happy to hear that our Game of life 2 meets your expectations. The game already has a timer implemented in order to avoid players holding up the match indefinitely, by replacing them with an AI player. We believe that the unresponsiveness that you mentioned was actually a general disconnection which is already being worked on, and we will release an update with major improvements. As for adding comments to the game, I've shared your idea with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. If you have more ideas or questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-02T23:18:45Z'}, 'userName': 'Gawron457', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 27, 3, 8, 50), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Great game but has its flaws', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It’s a great game, but the biggest flaw is there is no timer for the spinner. People can wait and wait and wait and you just have to sit and wait for them to spin. A timer is for sure needed. Also like in monopoly, add comments I think that would be fun'}, {'userName': 'pinkiepie34518', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 10, 6, 36, 52), 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Add mini games', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'In the game, there are actions that are games, and you spin to win like the actual board game. However, this is the game of life TWO, and it’s digital. i don’t think it should be exactly like the board game, and i think some actions that you land on should lead to a mini game'}, {'userName': 'dfbjg', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 1, 23, 20), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Very good game but what is the season bundle?', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game, it’s very good. My only problem is that it doesn’t say what the VIP season pass is. It says that it gives you more worlds, cars, and avatars but for $35 I would like to know exactly what they are.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20700517, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. If you have more questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2021-01-28T05:35:08Z'}, 'userName': 'Late night shopper', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 26, 2, 55, 22), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best game ever', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I happy to have the game but t I’m sad you have to pay you o get it but the whole game is good and I think they need more characters and cars but the rest is great'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19226529, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have questions, concerns, or want to share your ideas on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T20:01:41Z'}, 'userName': 'hellomynameisevan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 16, 22, 10, 51), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love this game', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game because there is so many different game modes like on line offline and play and pass this is just a all around fun game worth the money'}, {'userName': 'Whtelephant', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 19, 20, 17, 22), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'This game is awesome', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is super awesome even though there are some app purchases you should totally buy it. You can finish puzzles and 79 purchases are really cool like new skins like this super cool princess outfits!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19225198, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are happy to hear that you are enjoying THE GAME OF LIFE 2 despite the issue you mentioned. I've shared all your concerns with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!", 'modified': '2020-11-19T17:40:38Z'}, 'userName': 'Cdpenn5', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 6, 13, 24, 35), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Fun but needs improvements', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Fun game but is crashing during start up lately. Also it needs more towns/lands, cars and characters added to keep it from getting boring.'}, {'userName': 'Moma2girls', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 12, 14, 17, 8), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'The best game ever', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'He has pets has houses so much more that you can’t imagine and I hope you enjoy it because is the best game you I will Siri I hope you all the best'}, {'userName': 'Tcool2011', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 12, 2, 8, 4), 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Amazing game!! 😁', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is amazing. The art style blew me away, I love the animation and attributes unlike game of life 1 and three educations is very entertaining. no bugs I have found yet :) Great game keep up the good work!'}, {'userName': 'ked1147', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 10, 22, 33, 48), 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Life', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game it’s amazing It’s so much fun. I just wish it had more options for girl clothes. There’s only one and it’s kinda ugly. And if you want a different one you have to pay and can only be a princess'}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'We love air playing this from a handheld device so the entire family can see as we play together!! So much fun!!', 'userName': 'dancindiva23', 'title': 'Family fun!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19225245, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have questions, concerns, or want to share your ideas on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T17:45:37Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 9, 6, 16, 30), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I truly love thus game, but in the app it asked me if I liked it and I accidentally clicked no but I meant to click yes. So I came back here to make sure you guys know that I LOVE your game!! It is so much FUN!!', 'userName': 'Maximus Maxwell Fisher😀', 'title': 'My Mistake', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 24, 16, 17, 13), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game but, it consistently freezes and then I have to exit the game. I enjoy playing it with my sibling especially in this time with quarantine/lock down being very prevalent.', 'userName': 'leyccivnl', 'title': 'My thoughts', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18218683, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-01T15:27:07Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 24, 5, 1, 3), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like this one better than the other two, but the game itself is so short. You barely have time to do anything before the game is over', 'userName': "Can't send it to anyone", 'title': 'Better', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16853224, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review and feedback. We are happy to hear that you are enjoying the Game of Life 2 :)! I have shared your concerns as a feature request with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in the Game of Life 2!\n", 'modified': '2020-07-24T15:47:36Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 21, 1, 55, 28), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love that you can have a bbq without a house and that if you get a dog or cat first and then get married your wife or husband has to sit in the back👍.  Love this game, it’s FANTASTIC!!!', 'userName': 'stupidest idiot ever', 'title': 'Fantastic!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 21, 15, 48), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game however, I bought all the worlds and all the bundles but when I reentered the game it was showing that I have to buy them again and I’m not okay with that. I find the game very enjoyable but I don’t know how to contact anyone about it and I’d like for my purchases to be restored.', 'userName': 'Jhania Perkins', 'title': 'I like the game a lot', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 21, 10, 25, 51), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Great game, but over half the games I’ve played froze during the points totaling so I couldn’t finish it. Hopefully the glitches get fixed because it’s getting frustrating.', 'userName': 'Shsbdhsbsn', 'title': 'Game is fun, but freezes and crashes too much', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 18, 22, 31, 34), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the app but it keeps freezing in the middle of the games I start to play. Need to please fix this problem. I would understand if it was a free game but I paid money and this game shouldn’t be doing this everytime I play it.', 'userName': 'jniki4178', 'title': 'App needs an update !', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18526603, 'body': 'Hello again! THE GAME OF LIFE 2 was updated yesterday to address freezes, performance issues, fix bugs and add a brand new World - Haunted Hills! Please update the game at your earliest convenience as freezing should no longer be a problem. Thank you and our apologies for the inconvenience.', 'modified': '2020-10-16T14:38:27Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 10, 8, 44, 37), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "Love this game. I really hope they come up with more worlds and things to win because I'm getting a little bored with it now", 'userName': 'Rjax1025', 'title': 'Fun game', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17093636, 'body': 'Hi! thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that the Game of Life 2 fulfilled your expectations :)! If you have questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-08-05T08:56:02Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 29, 4, 47, 59), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game is awesome it has so many new things \nYou need this if you a fan board games', 'userName': 'Jessmarie419', 'title': 'Better than original', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 27, 2, 30, 45), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Wish there was a timer for how long a player can take. I don’t know if that’s the issue or if it’s frozen for everyone playing. Would also like a chat option to be able to chat with the other players.', 'userName': 'Leonamy', 'title': 'Freezes up', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16939516, 'body': "Hey! thank you for your feedback and review. The game already has a timer implemented in order to avoid players holding up the match indefinitely, by replacing them with an AI player. We believe that the unresponsiveness that you mentioned was actually a general disconnection. We are already working on adding a fix to this issue, however, if you have further concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. As for the chat option, I've already shared your idea with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. ", 'modified': '2020-07-28T23:59:18Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 28, 0, 11, 56), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is the best game ever it has so many more choices I never thought it would be this fun! I’m more than happy I got it.', 'userName': 'eruhvvgvftrdfvljh', 'title': 'Five star', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 6, 3, 1, 31), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the game but one time a paid for something and the next time I played it my payment was GONE!!!! Please fix the problem!', 'userName': '22222223333335', 'title': 'Love it!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 30, 4, 11, 20), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I wanted to like this game...I really was looking forward to it, but so far my experience has been limited to game freezing.  I cannot even enter a game because all I get is the clouds in the sky opening with no buttons or options.  I’ve tried to delete and reload, but it doesn’t help either.  I want my money back!', 'userName': 'RefundRequested', 'title': 'Horrible!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17467402, 'body': 'Hello, we are very sorry to hear that you have been experiencing some issues with The Game of Life 2. \n\nPlease get in touch with our customer support team at help@marmalademail.com so that they can learn more about this problem and offer direct assistance. For a faster resolution, please be as detailed as possible about the issue you are experiencing. \n\nThank you and our apologies for the inconvenience.', 'modified': '2020-08-24T14:45:15Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 23, 6, 8, 57), 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Definitely can have some family or friend group fun! Online play makes it so much more enjoyable!', 'userName': 'Ftcwebb', 'title': 'Game is Great!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 19, 9, 40, 5), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This game has it all! The music is awesome and with new jobs, it’s like you’re living a brand life! Happiness, wealth, knowledge, it is up to you! Great fun for everyone, just like the first!', 'userName': 'Fireball24k', 'title': 'Great fun', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309084, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. You can send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:46:03Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 17, 18, 15), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game but at the end when you sell your house it says you can pick a different offer if you don’t like the first one but it did not give me an option to change!!!', 'userName': 'pimpinsha', 'title': 'Help', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902154, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:20:58Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 13, 8, 1, 15), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is a very enjoyable game that I would recommend to anybody who enjoys mobile board games brought me Joy while playing', 'userName': 'good good Gucci', 'title': 'Enjoyable game', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23987589, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-07-18T13:43:14Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 16, 18, 45, 19), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this game it is entertaining fun and you can do multiplayer and basically everything in my opinion it is a 5 star game', 'userName': 'fvfbffrbtbrgrt', 'title': 'Game of life is awesome', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23398144, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-06-15T14:02:36Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 14, 3, 49, 16), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like the game of life but I don’t like how I already spent money to buy the game but now I have to spend more if I want to unlock more maps and vehicles and pegs not a big fan of that.', 'userName': 'ok $$$$', 'title': 'The game is fine but why do you have to pay more for an app you already paid for', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18900565, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review. \n\nTHE GAME OF LIFE 2's in-app purchases are all purely cosmetic (they only change the look of the board) and do not affect game-play in any way. This is similar to how you can purchase the classic, physical The Game of Life tabletop board-game or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. The essence of the game is the same, only the visuals change.\n\nYou also have the opportunity to unlock some more vehicles, avatars and outfits for free by simply playing the Classic version, through the Collectables missions!\n\nRegardless, your feedback is greatly appreciated and your concerns about the pricing will be shared with the team.\n\nThank you for playing THE GAME OF LIFE 2!", 'modified': '2020-11-04T16:21:19Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 27, 22, 29, 46), 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'This game has amazing animation. The choices are expanded. It is perfect! 😁👍🏻. But when is each update? I need to know. Thanks', 'title': 'Great game, but when is each update?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 20, 17, 59, 44), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "8000000000095'mdkkdf", 'developerResponse': {'id': 17466600, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your kind review! New Worlds will be released seasonally, with the next one being a little over a month away. We hope you are as excited about it was we are! ', 'modified': '2020-08-24T14:12:57Z'}}, {'review': 'I wasn’t expecting for this to be that good. I couldn’t have been more wrong.\n\nEdit: Thank you for responding!', 'title': 'Amazing Sequel!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 28, 23, 21, 37), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'shrines99', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23437072, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-06-17T09:29:53Z'}}, {'review': 'This is the best game ever. I really love it. I am so glad I downloaded this app. I love the pets.  😀, I hope you keep making new updates on this game. 🙂', 'title': 'The best', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 6, 20, 58, 57), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'goodscats'}, {'review': 'This version of the game of life did not fail to improve in every aspect of the original!!!', 'title': 'New version', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 23, 27, 11), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '$&($&(*$$65&$*'}, {'review': 'I think the game needs a game chat. I would also like to see a time limit on a persons turn. it’s annoying when you have to wait over 5 minutes for someone to go. & a new board would be nice to see as well', 'title': 'needs changes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 17, 37, 27), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jas Vickery'}, {'review': 'This is a great revamp of the original and much more enjoyable.', 'title': 'Better than the first/original.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 14, 8, 32), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Upper west'}, {'review': 'Very cool can wait to unlock more levels \n\nOnly thing ... please can we have a chat or emoji reaction area like life vacations. (Life vacations by the way is so slow)  \n\nPlease', 'title': 'Great', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 10, 3, 9, 34), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'o.zearch', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902468, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. I´ve shared your ideas with the team for discussion during their next internal meeting. If you have more-help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel.Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:41:44Z'}}, {'review': 'Please add the ability for pass and play players to name their character and it would be perfect! Thanks!', 'title': 'Amazing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 21, 44, 49), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BuhGrilla', 'developerResponse': {'id': 21140993, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-02-18T13:19:18Z'}}, {'review': 'I love this game me and my friend play it everyday after school it has been so much fun and idk how but my friend always wins.', 'title': 'WeirdoBeargirl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 12, 17, 3, 4), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cupcake 1122345685837'}, {'review': 'I love this game. It’s really fun, just like the original, but I’d like to see customizable options like different cars, colors, and appearances. And please... no microtransactions. Do all that and you’ll get five stars from me.', 'title': 'We need more options.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 4, 15, 11, 20), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sullyhogs1', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17094926, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review. We are very happy to hear that you love the Game of Life 2 app. We really appreciate you taking the time to share your ideas with us. I've already sent these ideas to our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in The Game of Life 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:33:19Z'}}, {'review': 'This is a very good game for kids and adults because it teaches people how to use time wisely and spend money wisely too.', 'title': 'Life is good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 1, 12, 11, 13), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'valley-fox29'}, {'review': 'I tried this and it is so awesome it’s so worth buying this and the pack of games👍🏻', 'title': 'This is the best game I bought all of them', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 11, 22, 34, 47), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lukecraft23'}, {'review': 'Sometimes when I play against a computer it freezes and I have to reset the game', 'title': 'Ok but glitchy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 20, 44, 51), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CabbageMan22', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20701173, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. \r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:25:06Z'}}, {'review': 'I love this game because it is fun and I like how you can get pets and get married. It’s a really good game, I love it. You can even buy houses!', 'title': 'Great Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 13, 17, 55, 39), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JujuWRocks'}, {'review': 'Board seems like it should be longer and the various paths should be longer than 10 spaces. \n\nShould be more opportunities to add to your family as I rarely land on a baby space.', 'title': 'Overall Ok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 10, 9, 7, 37), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'doitforlov3', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17222166, 'body': "Hi there! Thank you very much for your review and feedback! We really appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in the Game of Life 2. ", 'modified': '2020-08-11T23:42:24Z'}}, {'review': 'This is the worst game not only is it super over priced but it’s so rigged I would have would have never bought this if I knew it would be like this it’s definitely the worst game I would never buy this if I were you again it’s so bad DO NOT GET I REPEAT DO NOT GET it’s the worst game ever don’t get this game if you do you made a mistake', 'title': 'I hate it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 8, 1, 47, 10), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'i better then u'}, {'review': 'This game is fun but the one board included with purchase is too short. For what I paid for this game I done expect to only get one board and have to pay the same price for another short board. Should include more with initial purchase price.', 'title': 'Fun but short', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 17, 17, 6, 17), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'morserj', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18632502, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. Thanks!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-10-22T05:01:11Z'}}, {'review': 'Enjoying it a lot with my family just wish their could be more than 4 players.', 'title': 'Great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 19, 16, 2, 17), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jlambertj', 'developerResponse': {'id': 21778296, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-03-21T12:34:54Z'}}, {'review': 'I dont usually take time to write a review.  But My Wife and I love playing this game over and over.  I think its cute.  And fun.', 'title': 'Reviews', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 21, 36, 4), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BGuy chappell'}, {'review': 'So I love the game but some times when I’m in the middle of a game or on the app it will exit me out for no reason. Thankfully I am able to continue the game tho.', 'title': 'Great game besides this....', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 0, 8, 12), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'wof fan for life'}, {'review': 'What a great game use to play the old version back in the days I wish you can have twins or Triplett be fun', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 18, 17, 2), 'userName': 'daddygirl1978', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19359538, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bWe are very happy to hear that you are having a blast playing our GAME OF LIFE 2 app. I have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-26T05:16:36Z'}}, {'review': 'My boyfriend and I enjoy this game very much, we play almost every evening since I bought the bundle app.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'So much fun!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 16, 5, 50, 35), 'userName': '123445678891356', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19226521, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T20:01:18Z'}}, {'review': 'This is the best game ever I have played I been playing this for years and I can’t stop playing', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Best game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 18, 3, 38, 53), 'userName': 'fgteevgtee', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'We need emojis! And more lands. Already done collecting everything so it has become a bit boring', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun but needs improvement.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 4, 12, 28, 28), 'userName': 'Jessiep1975', 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312809, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:20:14Z'}}, {'review': 'It Is the best game ever!!! I would recommend it to everybody it’s so fun I have game one and two and vacation and they are the best games ever I recommend, totally five stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'YAS QUEEN 👑', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 23, 4, 55), 'userName': 'unicorn🦄@567', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19475801, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:30:53Z'}}, {'review': 'I just wish you could play against 1 random player, so the game didn’t take so long', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Loved this game growing up', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 4, 12, 49, 13), 'userName': 'JenniferP', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I played this game with my friend and it dealt very short. I enjoyed e first game of life better because it was fun, I finished This one in 15-30 minutes. \n\nCan I get a refund? I rather spend money on the first game.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The Game Is Short', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 21, 52, 35), 'userName': 'Lukesky5700', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Buy all of the lands.  All of them are fun!  Play again and again!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'You will get addicted', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 31, 21, 31, 10), 'userName': 'flowerhead666', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18944034, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-06T14:05:42Z'}}, {'review': "The game is so great, I already had the first one and was so exited to hear that a second was coming. I especially love that there are more than two colors for the people. \n\nQuestion though..\n\nIs there an actual way to get GrandMasters?\nI've been trying for a while but I always get Masters.", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'How do I get Grandnasters?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 11, 3, 27, 11), 'userName': '😊☺️🥰😘', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I really hate the taxes part because so much of it is pulled 🥲 It definitely passes time though. I wish add ons weren’t so expensive and the game is so limited. I prefer the first game better.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Its alright', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 22, 0, 28, 46), 'userName': 'Wuhlah', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23547535, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-06-23T14:59:35Z'}}, {'review': 'It’s really fun and exciting to play with friends and family. Although I wish the game lasted a little bit longer.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It’s fun!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 21, 2, 3, 16), 'userName': 'Thin Mint Grapes', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Ugh... there is literally no way to get kids also the new game of life is really confusing and has too many ways to win i like the simple ways that u used to win.  But over all great graphics and great things.  JUST WAY TOO HARD TO GET KIDS!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ugh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 4, 19, 34, 14), 'userName': 'heidndusmdnd', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'Fun', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Better than the original', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 3, 21, 20, 14), 'userName': 'parent🙂', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20967986, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:15:33Z'}}, {'review': 'This game has so many elements and so fun to watch people play it, and play it yourself. Theres different strategies to go to and alot to analaze but in general its fun, really fun', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'ITS SO ELABORATE AND FUN', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 24, 19, 57, 24), 'userName': 'cooluptulip', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'When can we expect this? Would like to see more job choices and chances to have kids and pets!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'A Winter Wonderland?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 3, 23, 17, 34), 'userName': 'rayhuntermusi', 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19621537, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-08T13:52:03Z'}}, {'review': 'I love this game, i am giving it 3 stars though. The reason why is we shouldn’t pay for the other worlds since we paid for one', 'isEdited': False, 'title': '.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 6, 22, 46, 57), 'userName': 'arhfn', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22703570, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the gameplay but your feedback is greatly appreciated and your concerns will be shared with the team. Thank you!', 'modified': '2021-05-09T13:41:25Z'}}, {'review': 'This game is easy to play and tons of fun . Hope they do a sports world in the future cause all the differnt boards/worlds are great', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 20, 40, 15), 'userName': 'Lunn5757', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'The app is fun especially with virtual friends.... one flaw is that multiple people can get the same job', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun with friends', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 12, 20, 43, 41), 'userName': 'bidMAC1977', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'It’s so annoying how often this game crashes! I would not pay money for this game it’s boring because there isn’t anything new to do. It takes forever to move onto a new advancement. What a rip off!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game keeps crashing and takes forever to advance', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 17, 4, 41, 19), 'userName': 'omg123???', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'The graphics are more improved than the first game, but the game board is too short. There isn’t enough playtime before the game is over.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Board is too short', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 20, 19, 42, 47), 'userName': 'Higball', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18632469, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-22T04:58:28Z'}}, {'userName': 'cocasmile12345', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I played the game and love it. I am a fan so ofc I had big exceptions and they have all been met! :D This is a new improvement and it’s the best yet!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Wow! Great game! BRAVO!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 1, 56, 26)}, {'userName': 'PuppyC4t', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Game is cool but you only get the original board, if you want a season pack is like 35$ or 5$ for each board lol', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'In app purchases to expensive', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 23, 59, 34)}, {'userName': 'swinglegirl', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'This game is fun but when playing online it takes AGES for the other people to play and you only get a turn every 10 min or so. Overall it’s fun but not worth $3', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Eh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 17, 7, 15, 19)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17101458, 'body': 'Hey! Thank you so much for your review. We are very happy to hear that you like the new ideas that we added to the Game of Life 2. If you have questions or concerns, please feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com.', 'modified': '2020-08-05T14:43:44Z'}, 'userName': 'ravens claw44', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Good game but I want a lot of more options for people like for hats and scarfs and special lands should have special life card in my opinion could  be better can’t wait for game of life 3', 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Love it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 17, 16, 50, 17)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22703548, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-05-09T13:39:08Z'}, 'userName': 'Addy kanoy', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game it’s just like the last one but different in its own way!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Addy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 6, 16, 13, 41)}, {'userName': 'Jayslay3250', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I enjoy playing this game it’s fun. Online playing is fun. Takes some time so be prepared.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good times...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 24, 17, 11, 3)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17902496, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:43:15Z'}, 'userName': 'luke00000$', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'In my opinion this one is just more complicated and the original one is way better wish u bought the other one', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Buy the original', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 8, 23, 21, 56)}, {'userName': 'gamer..child', 'rating': 5, 'review': '60 years, wow! I had a very fun time with this game. Would recommend!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Well done!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 16, 21, 25, 51)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16939701, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your feedback and review. Just to clarify, The Game of Life 2 features in-app content in the form of World Bundles, which grant access to visually different boards, outfits, vehicles, and avatars, it doesn't give you an advantage, by purchasing the core game you have access to all of its features. This is like buying the physical classic The Game of Life board-game or the tabletop The Game of Life Simpsons edition, for instance.\r If you have any more questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\n", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:14:28Z'}, 'userName': 'Buildabearbaby', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'It’s ok. The online features are not well done, but the graphics are nice. The game play is smooth. Not worth $4 IMO. Also somewhat irritated that additional maps cost an extra $5 . It’s a lot like the original game just more of a money grab', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Meh', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 14, 10, 21)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17094115, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your feedback. I'm sorry to hear that you didn't find the game to be a lasting entertainment. I've shared your concerns with our team for discussion during our next internal meeting. If you have any ideas of what you'd like to see in the future, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:09:32Z'}, 'userName': 'katylicious😭😭', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I was super excited to play this game. The first few times it was super fun but after that it got boring. The game modes are nice, but the game itself is short and uninteresting. Not worth the money.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not worth it', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 29, 22, 9, 40)}, {'userName': 'ssk266', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I like this game because it is a lot like real life with chances, risks and upgrades.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This is a really good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 31, 0, 49, 18)}, {'userName': 'PlayXPz', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'It’s a great game with pleasing graphics and nice customization options but there aren’t really many options for education or career choices.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great Game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 22, 26, 52)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20701131, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:22:32Z'}, 'userName': 'Gizology', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game so much', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Enjoy life while you still can', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 25, 19, 14, 59)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18465387, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-14T04:02:15Z'}, 'userName': 'OhAddison', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love playing Life (1) with family!! So, just having Game of Life 2 on my phone is the best thing ever!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Amazing game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 6, 22, 27, 32)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16939729, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are enjoying our Game of Life 2 App. If you have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We hope you continue to have a blast :)! ", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:17:39Z'}, 'userName': 'delirocks', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game of life is much better than the other! Give it a try', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Game of Life!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 25, 13, 44, 8)}, {'userName': 'Puppys_are2cute3', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I totally recommend playing this! More like the board game nicer animation and overall this is the best game ever!', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Super good game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 8, 21, 41, 4)}, {'userName': 'aa31976', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The main map is good and fun but the additional\nMaps for purchase are not as fun and they cannot be returned. Would like to be able to get a refund \nThanks', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Extra maps not as good', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 2, 22, 55, 43)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22830405, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. Thanks!', 'modified': '2021-05-16T13:41:45Z'}, 'userName': 'petedaking', 'rating': 3, 'review': '2 dollars to buy the game then 5 bucks each for the extra maps', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cost to much', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 14, 14, 13, 45)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17093613, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review and feedback. I've already forwarded your ideas to our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. If you have more ideas you'd like to see implemented, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We often implement the most requested features. ", 'modified': '2020-08-05T08:55:10Z'}, 'userName': 'Rev.1381', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Less turns, less options, less mini games. Blink and you will miss any chance to have kids. Probably never get to have a house. Hopefully improvements are coming.', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Less Packs and Features than Previous', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 28, 23, 48, 19)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23713080, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review! Would you be kind enough to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com mentioning the devices you are using, the exact game mode played and when this issue happened? Our deepest apologies for the inconvenience caused and we hope to hear from you at your earliest convenience!', 'modified': '2021-07-02T13:14:53Z'}, 'userName': 'Lemon chiffon', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'The game won’t connect to the internet and let me play with others. I used to be able to do so. I have 5G and I’m connected to wifi. Other apps are working fine with the internet. Soooo disappointing right now', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Internet play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 1, 6, 25, 13)}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 21, 13, 56, 57), 'review': 'Could use some improvement', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'eliz123e', 'title': 'Good but.......', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22440582, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. Thank you for playing!", 'modified': '2021-04-25T10:24:11Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 22, 16, 54, 16), 'review': 'Great game but you should let us get a option to pay your loans before u finish the game', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'abdduejw', 'title': 'Great game', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 26, 8, 41, 30), 'review': 'It’s really fun I recommend to buy it it’s worth the purchase', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'TomTheAwesome07', 'title': 'Fun', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 20, 21, 16, 14), 'review': 'This seems like it would be an awesome game but I don’t know because I just click download alot of mins ago and it hasn’t even started downloading to my iPod...', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'IceDerby', 'title': 'I wish it would work', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18738307, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2020-10-27T15:20:35Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 21, 16, 8, 1), 'review': 'It would be a great game if it didn’t freeze up multiple times throughout the game!', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'britwagers18', 'title': 'Like this game but it freezes up a lot!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 19, 22, 54, 25), 'review': 'This game is so fun! You can play with your friends and battle❣️', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'LayBay627', 'title': 'From Layla', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23862231, 'body': 'Hello, please get in touch with our customer support team at help@marmalademail.com so that they can offer direct assistance. For a faster resolution, please be as detailed as possible about the issue you are experiencing. Thank you and apologies for the inconvenience. ', 'modified': '2021-07-11T13:25:55Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 8, 14, 39, 41), 'review': 'It’s extremely frustrating that this game is SO glitchy. It freezes constantly and it’s a pain to get back into the game. I had to pay for this, FIX THE GLITCH!!!', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'cassham55', 'title': 'Glitchy', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 8, 2, 34, 33), 'review': '💕 and 🫀', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '10/10 +572727', 'title': 'I love it it’s way better than losing the pegs in the real bored game', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18052460, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your message. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with our Game of Life 2 app. Thank you for your preference, we hope you continue to have a blast with it. If you have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to let us know by sending us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:24:19Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 20, 11, 51, 54), 'review': 'I’ve missed this game. Thank you for making it great.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'DrPhotog', 'title': 'Memories', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 13, 53, 5), 'review': 'Ok this game is honestly not bad just like the first. \nBUT after pitching this game you only get one map and to get others you have to pay EVEN more money. Take away the other purchase requirements and then it’ll be a 5 star', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Wary hulk blm', 'title': 'Honestly', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 10, 23, 14, 37), 'review': 'Wow so awesome this game is amazing more people should play it it is very underrated but I don’t know why :)', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'njcjcmf', 'title': 'Awesome', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18052371, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. I'm very sorry to hear that you feel this way. I've shared your concerns about the size of the map and the price with our team for discussion during their next internal meeting. If you have any concerns or questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:20:06Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 15, 21, 58, 44), 'review': 'This game is not worth the money you have to pay for it. The games end super quick and you barely get to do anything. This app should’ve been free', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Y wuld u change it', 'title': 'Not worth the money', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 20, 3, 48, 10), 'review': 'This game is super fun and inspiring! There is a lot more stuff to do which means it’s a lot more fun!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Charlesyyyy', 'title': 'This game is amazing!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 5, 23, 17, 30), 'review': 'This is a great game I love playing this over and over again', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'zay33king', 'title': 'Great game', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17902538, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that the Game of Life chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:44:50Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 5, 20, 35, 46), 'review': 'Since I was 11 years old Ive played the game of life with “awe” in my eyes. The game was fun and the gameplay was fair, unfortunately this game isnt the same. It seems impossible to beat the computer, you consistently and quite unreasonably land on this to make u fail.', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Damaree B', 'title': 'Seems unrealistic', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 17, 50, 54), 'review': 'The Game of life 2 is phenomenal because it focuses more on things in real life then in the board game', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ImaginedChip258', 'title': 'The Game Of Life 2', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 23, 24, 9), 'review': 'Amazing get this game and you’ll thank me', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'duhddtgyffvbtn', 'title': 'This game is super fun and worth the four dollars', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 24240697, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-08-01T13:36:16Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 1, 3, 15), 'review': 'It’s so much fun I play it at my camp and I enjoy I enjoy it so much thank you🥳💅🏾❤️😮🥳', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'LeeLaLive', 'title': 'I love game of life', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 20, 19, 37, 16), 'review': 'Wow this is such a good game  I have not played for a while yet but it is just so awesome', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'dmonasg', 'title': 'Amazing', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22748013, 'body': 'Hello, and thank you for your review! Please feel free to get in touch with our customer support team at help@marmalademail.com so that they can offer direct assistance. For a faster resolution, please be as detailed as possible about the issue you are experiencing. Thank you for playing!', 'modified': '2021-05-11T14:25:41Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 9, 22, 50, 40), 'review': 'Great app. I think it is a little confusing but, it is very good!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'hdsjxhvg', 'title': '😍 Love it.', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'not a fan123', 'review': 'It’s a great game it’s fun tho my iPad died a lot because of how long it is but it’s a great game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 30, 13, 34, 36), 'title': 'Great game✨👑'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'roxy the rock 🤗', 'review': 'I think the game should have more clothes for the characters but other than that I liked the game :D', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 30, 16, 32, 44), 'title': '.'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Triforce 19', 'review': 'Seems to drain my battery faster than normal and a few miscellaneous bugs.  Overall a very fun game', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 11, 16, 12, 32), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19225333, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback! I have shared this information with the team so that they may look into possible ways of reducing the game's battery consumption.\r\nWe hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 app, and if ever have questions please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-11-19T17:53:09Z'}, 'title': 'Fun game with a few kinks'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'lainers2021', 'review': 'This game is the best thing that has ever happened to me', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 27, 4, 35, 1), 'title': 'Best thing ever'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Climat007', 'review': 'Game is good but you cannot use what you paid for online if you dont give the tech leaches your personal data, typical big tech scam, also cant even name your human players in pass and play!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 3, 19, 14, 2), 'developerResponse': {'id': 20968011, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:19:08Z'}, 'title': 'Game is good but policies are a rip.'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Deerther', 'review': "I have played many, many, many hours of this game with my SO. I promise you, it's not worth your money or your time. Not to mention all their add-ons that could make the game better are overpriced.", 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 13, 6, 53, 8), 'title': 'Save your money.'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'JohnEAllisonJr', 'review': 'I paid extra for the haunted hills world.  It was definitely NOT worth it.  All that I appear to get is a picture and a few new professions.  When I play it online the people that I am playing with see the classic world.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 2, 2, 28, 3), 'title': 'Haunted Hills'}, {'rating': 2, 'userName': 'jdnsiskndksl', 'review': 'This game is amazing and fun for the first like 2 minutes until it crashes. I just spent $4 on this game just to crash and I can’t even play it. I would like a refund.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 28, 20, 4, 43), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16958407, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you experienced a crash. Could you please email us at help@marmalademail.com making sure to include details of your device and crash, so that we may investigate things further? We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. ", 'modified': '2020-07-29T14:28:27Z'}, 'title': 'Eh ok'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'sjahdo78', 'review': '1. When spinning the wheel it doesn’t always register\n\n2. Sometimes when it’s your turn to play it will skip past you \n\nJust the ones I noticed right now... \notherwise love the game! And was super eager to play! \nThese are some bugs I noticed for now...', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 8, 1, 17), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16939670, 'body': "Hi! thank you so much for your feedback. We really appreciate you taking the time to share your review with us. I've already sent this information to our QA team for further investigations. The game shouldn't skip you when it's your turn. If you have more feedback or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:11:07Z'}, 'title': 'Already noticed a few bugs...'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'odawg11', 'review': 'It is the best it is worth the money', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 7, 17, 4, 3), 'title': 'Outstanding!'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Nava geminigurl87', 'review': 'Does this game even have sound I see that the sound is on but there is no sound what do I do', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 20, 14, 36, 18), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18052533, 'body': "Hi Nava! Thank you for your review. I'm very sorry to hear that you are having problems with our Game of Life 2 app. The most obvious reason why your device has stopped outputting sound is that you have been turned down. To adjust the volume on your device, open the game and use the volume up/down buttons on the device’s left-hand side.\r\n\r\nIf your device is not on mute and you still have no sound please check the Ring/Silent switch located above the volume buttons. Apps will not output sound if your device is in silent mode. You can tell your mute switch is activated if it shows an orange line.\r\n\r\nIf the problem continues despite having the volume up and the Ring/Silent switch off, please try restarting your device.\r\nFor further information, please use the following Apple Support link: https://support.apple.com/HT203794\n\nFor more questions and assistance, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:27:14Z'}, 'title': 'No sound'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Unhappy update player', 'review': 'Best game ever I totally recommend it so play it a warning costs 3 dollars', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 18, 0, 34, 52), 'title': 'Best game ever'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Ami333333333', 'review': 'I’ve played 5 times since I got the app and twice the game has glitched at the end and not shown the game results. Don’t waste your money, it’s definitely not worth it.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 22, 3, 22, 50), 'developerResponse': {'id': 21819011, 'body': "Hi Ami and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you and apologies for any inconvenience caused!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-03-23T13:49:38Z'}, 'title': 'Too glitchy'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'iloveirule223', 'review': 'It’s amazing but the wheel is hard to spin please make it like the first one where you swipe thanks', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 9, 18, 9, 24), 'title': 'Amazing'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Ryansamg', 'review': 'Awesome and fun game with cool spins (haha) on the Life board game! Would love to see a sea/pirate-themed and a space/sci-fi-themed world in the future!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 3, 9, 12, 9), 'developerResponse': {'id': 22052045, 'body': "Hello Ryan and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-04-05T14:19:07Z'}, 'title': 'Great game!'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'tiaria072593', 'review': 'The game is great I wish the board was longer though', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 17, 22, 28, 56), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19226534, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T20:01:49Z'}, 'title': 'Game of life 2'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'leaaadlee', 'review': 'Wish you could add computers when you play along with a friend.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 25, 4, 58, 55), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17519512, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I've already forwarded your ideas to our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. Please let us know if you have any more suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. You can use, help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-26T15:56:55Z'}, 'title': 'Update'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'brysoncole802', 'review': 'If you like playing the game of life this is definitely for you', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 23, 13, 40, 38), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16939675, 'body': "Hey! thank you for your review! We are happy to hear that you are enjoying the game so much you even recommend it to others :)! We are here for you, so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:11:59Z'}, 'title': 'Awesome'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Djfun95', 'review': 'This is definitely worth the price really cool concept on how they did it!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 4, 7, 20, 43), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312811, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:20:30Z'}, 'title': 'Worth'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'tttttttggggggbbbbb', 'review': 'Don’t like the new characters or game options. I like the original game better', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 22, 23, 25, 21), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18218657, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very saddened to hear that you dislike the new features in the game. I´ve shared your concerns with our designers. If you have any more ideas or things that you´d like to see added, please don´t hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-10-01T15:25:10Z'}, 'title': 'Life 2'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 19, 37, 44), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'koog00', 'title': 'It’s fun', 'review': 'I love option games & this one is great'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 2, 23, 32, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22615615, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback! We hope you keep having a blast! \r\n", 'modified': '2021-05-04T13:59:31Z'}, 'userName': 'reagan red', 'title': 'Nice', 'review': 'Good job. I have so much fun and playing this game'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 27, 23, 13, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Eccl1213', 'title': 'Awesome game with one issue', 'review': 'The game needs to allow me to pay off a loan!'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 11, 6, 6, 48), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18527458, 'body': "Hello and thank you kindly for taking the time to write such detailed feedback. We are always grateful to players who write us reviews clearly detailing how we can improve the game for them as it gives us the opportunity to perfect our games with every update!\n\nThe overall match length is definitely something that we are monitoring as there is still room for improvement. Quicker matches are useful for players who don't have a lot of time to play but that does mean that some actions may go unfulfilled (as you rightly pointed out), such as having children/pets and buying a house. A good compromise would be to have two game modes - one quicker and one slower - that players could choose from, but this would come at the expense of fragmenting our player-base in Online Multiplayer, leading to longer queue times. Regardless, please be assured that we are looking into this and hope to find a solution that would appeal to all kinds of players.\n\nIn regard to the choice between a dog or a cat, I will make sure to share your suggestion with the design team. I can definitely see how being given this choice would make your path through life more meaningful!\n\nThanks again for sharing your feedback with us! We're glad that you're enjoying THE GAME OF LIFE 2 and will do our best to make that experience even better with every update.\n\n(Reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com for assistance with technical issues or for a more direct channel of communication.)", 'modified': '2020-10-16T15:18:39Z'}, 'userName': 'Hi-chan', 'title': 'Fun update to the classic game', 'review': 'I normally don’t write reviews, but I just wanted to say that this is a pretty fun reimagining of the classic board game. I’ve already played this more than I care to admit.  There are some personal issues, thought.  First of all, the games are often way too short.  On one hand, shorter games is good, since I can get in multiple quick rounds throughout my day.  On the flip-side, however, shorter games means that I often get to the end of the game with no additional family members (besides a spouse) and no houses, since it is far too easy to simply just roll past those events so they never come up.  I find myself wishing these events were much easier to trigger, especially because each of these adds to the Attributes you accumulate that affect your total score at the end of the game.  Speaking of additional family members, I was disappointed that when I finally got a game where I could get a pet, the game automatically chose a cat for me.  I don’t mind cats, but I am much more of a dog person.  The game touts itself as being all about “choice”, yet seems all too happy to randomly chose which pet you get with no player input. When I played another game, the A.I got a dog and I felt a little cheated. Yep.  I was jealous of a “computer”, if you can believe it.  In real life (which this game is meant to emulate!), choosing a pet is such a personal thing, that I would have liked to have been able to chose my own pet rather than have the game chose it for me.  You are able to chose your own spouse, why not be able to chose your own pet??  At the end of the day, however, these are really just nitpicks and my own personal issues that probably don’t really matter or affect much of anything else.  Overall, it’s still a pretty fun little game, even just playing against the A.I. : )'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 15, 2, 30, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309085, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. You can send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:46:16Z'}, 'userName': 'Reece .M', 'title': 'Amazing!', 'review': 'This is the best game I’ve ever played well one of the best good job'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 3, 21, 58, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'edgyyfedfgy', 'title': 'Do not get this app', 'review': 'This app is horrible,I wasted my money on it! it’s so boring, if I could give it 0 stars i would! this game is nothing like the real game if you want a fun app don’t get this one it’s horrible!'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 28, 20, 49, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LordValen', 'title': 'Review', 'review': 'Needs an AI option in play with friends'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 19, 22, 47, 39), 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19225270, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the trouble you mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T17:47:48Z'}, 'userName': 'Celestia77', 'title': 'Great fun!!', 'review': 'This game is really fun to play! I love the fantasy world the best. Love that I can play with friends as well.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 29, 4, 27, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ezhester', 'title': 'Awesome', 'review': 'Some day I’ll learn to listen to learn not to listen!'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 16, 2, 50, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'liguorimaddir', 'title': 'Life review', 'review': 'It had all the basic ideal parts to the game of life but i don’t like how i never got get a home.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 23, 19, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23907912, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-07-13T14:52:42Z'}, 'userName': 'Bobenna9606', 'title': 'Very Fun', 'review': 'Very fun to play by yourself and with others.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 12, 3, 48, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309013, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. I'm very happy to hear that you are having fun with our Game of Life 2 App :)! If you ever have questions, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We'd love to help you clear all your doubts :P", 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:33:51Z'}, 'userName': 'sausekey', 'title': 'Fun but confusing', 'review': 'A little confusing but fun'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 25, 20, 43, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'personwholovesPackers', 'title': 'It’s fun', 'review': 'I like it and it’s fun to play but there is not family sharing.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 7, 46, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19359541, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in MONOPOLY.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-26T05:16:53Z'}, 'userName': '.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.--.-.-.', 'title': 'why i am a little sad', 'review': 'i love the game but the maps are way too fast and there needs to be more options for careers. life has been my “life” long favorite game forever and i would love to enjoy it on the go as much as i did as a child. please make the game more fun. yours truly.'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 17, 22, 2, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'errrrttfft', 'title': 'We need more places', 'review': 'Please update more places in the maps'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 2, 14, 4, 58), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17702864, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. I´ve shared your idea with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. So, if you have more ideas, please feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-09-04T23:28:19Z'}, 'userName': 'Catslolcats', 'title': 'Eh', 'review': 'Great app is lacking in baby spaces and I feel overall the game needs to be longer'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 15, 1, 19, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20552265, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:55:41Z'}, 'userName': 'alexadude', 'title': 'Thank you very much', 'review': 'I love it'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 17, 49, 44), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Turtleboy926', 'title': 'I spend money on this game and have to buy the other maps for more than the original price', 'review': 'This game is very fun but it costs wayyy too much money'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 24, 23, 0, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20701166, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. If you have further questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n', 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:24:40Z'}, 'userName': 'Lady La Diva', 'title': 'They want me money', 'review': 'Paid for it, but they still want me to pay more for expansion packs. Game is meh.'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 24, 17, 10, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17500251, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback :)! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our Game of Life 2 app. If you ever have questions please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-26T02:36:41Z'}, 'userName': 'BreCornelius', 'title': 'Awesome', 'review': 'Love this game so much. It’s so exciting and fun. Definitely a 5 stars!!'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Nc2ny05', 'review': 'I love this app it’s super fun and awesome have a nice day great job love it Bye!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 26, 14, 54, 30), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16939739, 'body': "Hi! thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having a blast with our Game of Life 2 App :)! We really appreciate your words, and we hope you also have a wonderful day. If you have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-07-29T00:18:35Z'}, 'title': 'This is so much fun'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Barbjean', 'review': 'This game is so much fun. My hubby and I love it. We thought of a cool theme. How about a 4Th of JULY theme with fireworks included..:)', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 16, 1, 58, 23), 'title': 'LOVE THIS GAME A LOT'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Abigail3724', 'review': 'i got the game last night and never stopped. it’s totally worth the money and plz get it not a lot of people play on first map and i’m not a sponsor i love this game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 22, 18, 41, 43), 'developerResponse': {'id': 24112384, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are extremely pleased to hear that you are having fun with our app! If you ever have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to let us know by sending us an email to help@marmalademial.com. We are here to help you out!", 'modified': '2021-07-25T12:46:08Z'}, 'title': 'great game'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'kes9867', 'review': 'Game keeps freezing on me and I just bought it 30 mins ago!! It froze on me right at the end of a game before I found out winners. Then it froze on me 3/4 into a game. Rip off', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 17, 5, 16, 44), 'developerResponse': {'id': 21141423, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you had freezing problems while playing our game. Our team is tirelessly monitoring all reported issues and will be releasing more updates to the game to further address the instances in which the game becomes unresponsive, as well as other bugs. ', 'modified': '2021-02-18T13:42:55Z'}, 'title': 'Not worth money'}, {'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Paintermj', 'review': "Bought 3pack and Life 2 never loads! I'm upset that I bought 3 games and only have 2!", 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 4, 0, 37), 'developerResponse': {'id': 20221933, 'body': 'Hello, please get in touch with our customer support team at help@marmalademail.com so that they can offer direct assistance. For a faster resolution, please be as detailed as possible about the issue you are experiencing. Thank you.', 'modified': '2021-01-06T16:01:49Z'}, 'title': "Won't load"}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'BigBo97531', 'review': 'Game is a buggy mess that works. When it works, you are given AI that rubberbands or hackers online. Hopefully I’ll be able to get my money back.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 28, 15, 53, 40), 'title': 'Will be doing a chargeback with my bank'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'A mear disaponted Child', 'review': 'I bought something on accident and I was re storing it but It didn’t restore anything otherwise it would’ve been five stars oh wait no four.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 20, 23, 4, 12), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18632465, 'body': "Hi there! Thank you for your review. We are sorry to hear that you are having problems with the in-app purchases, could you please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com with more details about your problem? We'd love to help you out. \n", 'modified': '2020-10-22T04:58:02Z'}, 'title': 'Wth'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'calif A', 'review': 'Great game but at times the game gets stuck. Also they favor the computer to win', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 18, 5, 51), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902474, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:42:11Z'}, 'title': 'Great game but'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'kiihhy', 'review': 'I haven’t opened it yet but first review yay\nLol', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 12, 21, 55), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16657002, 'body': "YAY! Thank you for your review :)! We are very grateful for your preference. We know for sure that you'll have a blast playing it 😉. If you have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We are here to help! ", 'modified': '2020-07-15T23:13:48Z'}, 'title': 'Looks great from add'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'MayoKetchup', 'review': 'This is the best game I’ve ever played - Briania05', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 20, 23, 28, 34), 'title': 'Even a 6yr old loves it'}, {'rating': 2, 'userName': 'ReneeRoz13', 'review': 'Freezes randomly', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 19, 53, 35), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23522090, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-06-22T11:11:34Z'}, 'title': 'Very glitchy'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'lu lu1234', 'review': 'I just saw this game I. Love it so I just love it so much', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 26, 2, 18, 2), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19475684, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:24:46Z'}, 'title': 'This game is the best Game ever'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'kk Karate', 'review': 'Wow this is AMAZING it has no adds! I absolutely love this game and It is my favorite game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 22, 10, 18), 'title': 'OMG NO ADDS'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'dominick6464', 'review': 'This game is so slow but good', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 9, 20, 31, 48), 'title': 'Good game but slow'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'The. oi', 'review': 'I like the game and it is fun but it gets boring after a little while', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 16, 19, 51, 34), 'developerResponse': {'id': 20552196, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:54:16Z'}, 'title': 'It is good game'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'lattletattleeatmysattle', 'review': 'First place in the first game! I had so much fun', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 13, 59, 22), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16795872, 'body': 'Hey there! Thank you tons for your review and feedback. We are very happy to hear that our Game of Life 2 has fulfilled your expectations! We hope you have a blast playing it. If you ever have questions or concerns, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com. We are here for you :)!\n', 'modified': '2020-07-22T05:48:36Z'}, 'title': 'Omg'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Floralele', 'review': 'It is a boring and simple version of monopoly, nothing more. I wish I had never paid for it.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 10, 19, 45, 44), 'title': 'I wish I could have the refund'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Anon467348', 'review': 'needs an option to turn off all the animations that slow the game down. Does this game really a season pass? Blatant cash grab.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 22, 1, 45, 24), 'title': 'Money grab'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'qtpiechy', 'review': 'Im so sad you have to pay for cool levels! Subtracted a star', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 15, 4, 18, 46), 'title': 'Ok but'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'D2332jmm', 'review': 'I kinda feel like it’s a little repetitive', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 26, 19, 17, 54), 'title': 'Rating'}, {'review': 'So fun could be better but sooooooo fun', 'title': 'Just so fun', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23652630, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-06-29T11:52:48Z'}, 'userName': 'jfhsosjueke', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 27, 20, 54, 1)}, {'review': 'Hi my name is Amanda markle and I love this game is it fun to play along with friends.', 'title': 'The game of life 2', 'userName': 'searkle', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 11, 16, 17, 32)}, {'review': 'Its great its 5:25 am and im wide awake with my girlfriend playing!', 'title': 'Love it', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20701207, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-28T06:27:00Z'}, 'userName': 'hunnadan', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 21, 10, 25, 48)}, {'review': 'Very real modern twist on a classic', 'title': 'Very refreshing', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309083, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. You can send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:45:51Z'}, 'userName': 'foofie1206', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 14, 22)}, {'review': 'I love this game and it is really nice and the funnyist thing is I never win😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹', 'title': '❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️', 'userName': 'TsumNic811', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 2, 14, 12, 19)}, {'review': 'Awesome game (but it glitches a lot).', 'title': 'Awesome game (glitches)', 'userName': 'Shubegu', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 7, 19, 26, 20)}, {'review': 'Great game nothing wrong gets a perfect review well maybe not since it costs 💵. Thank you developer your super kind for charging us!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!$!!!!!', 'title': 'Nothing wrong with it at all', 'userName': 'qwthencvssusejcut', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 24, 2, 49, 56)}, {'review': 'But I wish that I could pick between a cat a dog a boy or a girl', 'title': 'It’s A good game', 'userName': 'scammers are bac', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 27, 12, 51, 38)}, {'review': 'I love these games. And this one the most ❤️❤️❤️😃', 'title': 'Love it 😍', 'developerResponse': {'id': 24112385, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are extremely pleased to hear that you are having fun with our app! If you ever have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to let us know by sending us an email to help@marmalademial.com. We are here to help you out!", 'modified': '2021-07-25T12:46:16Z'}, 'userName': 'Ryan J B.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 1, 53, 53)}, {'review': 'Don’t buy it, it’s not worth it. Not even it was free. I hate games that seem like they want you to lose all time.', 'title': 'Game Works Against You', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19226567, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T20:03:51Z'}, 'userName': 'Blue Moones', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 18, 7, 43, 44)}, {'review': 'Not long enough', 'title': 'To short of games not enough options wasted my money', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19226169, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very saddned to hear that you feel this way. I've shared your concerns with our desginers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We normally implement the most requested features, if you have more ideas that you wish to see implemented in the GAME OF LIFE 2, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-11-19T19:20:05Z'}, 'userName': "Add me I'm beast", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 12, 14, 57, 12)}, {'review': 'Sometimes closing and reopening helps but only about half the time. Not worth it.', 'title': 'Game freezes up', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312804, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are saddened to hear that you experienced this freezing problem while playing our GAME OF LIFE 2 app. We completely understand how frustrating this can be. We are actively listening to our players’ feedback regarding connection instability and game freezes and are doing everything in our power to address them. We desire only the best gaming experience for our players and won’t rest until all known issues are resolved.\r\n\r\nIf you have any questions please send us a message to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. ', 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:19:25Z'}, 'userName': 'caffeineslinger', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 5, 0, 30, 29)}, {'review': 'The game is way too short, doesn’t feel worth the money.', 'title': 'This game was waaay too short.', 'userName': 'Felblazereaper', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 27, 8, 0, 46)}, {'review': 'The new additions add to this childhood classic', 'title': 'Surprisingly fun', 'userName': 'GHOSTofRZA', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 8, 2, 34, 7)}, {'review': 'This is awsome totally recommend it', 'title': 'Awsome game ever', 'userName': 'happy😀😀😃😃😃😀😃😃😃😃😃😇', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 13, 21, 26, 43)}, {'review': 'Not worth almost $5... very basic and glitchy...', 'title': 'Not what I expected', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902487, 'body': 'Hi! I´m very sorry to hear that you didn´t enjoy our Game of Life 2 App. Please send us an email to help@marmaldemail.com with more details about these glitches, so we can help you out, or find a solution to them. Thank you again for your feedback and review. ', 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:43:01Z'}, 'userName': 'yovngmedvsa', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 5, 9, 6)}, {'review': 'Today when I tried to open the app I was asked my Date of Birth. BEWARE as this is an unusual and unnecessary ask.', 'title': 'Fraud question?', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17222326, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-08-11T23:56:20Z'}, 'userName': 'Nickname1228', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 13, 53, 54)}, {'review': 'Hi after playing a game I did not like it, is there anyway for a refund?', 'title': 'This game is not for me', 'userName': 'Dbz257', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 26, 1, 44, 49)}, {'review': 'I love it I love the pets the houses and the update', 'title': 'Best game ever', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22302568, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-04-18T08:25:25Z'}, 'userName': 'Leileen123', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 15, 21, 39, 24)}, {'review': 'Play with. Y kids', 'title': 'Love it', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19475804, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:30:58Z'}, 'userName': 'jdgjr mom', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 2, 11, 57)}, {'title': 'Love the game', 'userName': 'ShaSha Fran', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 20, 41, 56), 'review': 'Wish for game of life 3 and that’s it', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309087, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. You can send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:46:23Z'}}, {'title': 'Game of best life', 'userName': 'beware394', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 29, 21, 21, 36), 'review': 'I is a perfect introduction to the world for kid’s they joyed it and it is the best', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20110203, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. -help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!', 'modified': '2020-12-31T15:41:52Z'}}, {'title': 'Fun', 'userName': 'BRadGMalibuMostWANTED', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 2, 6, 29, 41), 'review': 'Great game very fun for family', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20968016, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have questions, concerns, or want to share your ideas on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:19:27Z'}}, {'title': 'Love this game!', 'userName': 'laura420lee', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 4, 7, 31, 22), 'review': 'Great game play, hours of fun!', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20967872, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:04:53Z'}}, {'title': 'Life 2', 'userName': 'Jodave711', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 29, 17, 56, 19), 'review': 'The app has bugs. It freezes during the game. And it doesn’t let us finish the game', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17702875, 'body': 'Hello, we are sorry to hear that you are having some trouble with THE GAME OF LIFE 2. The team is aware of these issues and will be releasing a major update to address them and all other known issues as soon as possible. We are sincerely sorry for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience. If you have any questions or more concerns, please feel free to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com.\r\n', 'modified': '2020-09-04T23:30:02Z'}}, {'title': 'Game Of Life 2, Is It Really?', 'userName': 'Fiamettea', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 30, 6, 20, 48), 'review': 'I have played this game countless and countless times again. I have played with random people as well as friends so I can safely give a in-depth review of this game. First off, having kids in this game means nothing as it doesn’t provide any sort of benefit like it did in the first game. Getting married gets you 60/30K but the family route 10/10 is worse than getting a double payday by staying single. They just make up the fact the family route is lacking buy adding a single house buying space that is rarely landed on. Action spaces do not ever provide enough risk with it being player vs player as it’s merely a game of luck with the spinner when the 2nd option is usually a spinner for a 80/20k guarantee that you don’t have to give other players anything. The risk route isn’t a good route either, the risk for the reward is usually very low and not enough of a game changer to pull out a win. I personally think there should be more game modes, or more ways to play. For me, I don’t have the bundle pass, but my friends do and it’s day and night for the accomplishments you feel after a game. This game gets very stale after 5 games played, it’s hard to want to return because you end up going the same routes and never being encouraged to go different routes. Most games are won by landslide and I haven’t had a single game that was within 200 points. I like this game maybe once a month at most, there just isn’t much variety at all. Games don’t last that long, attributes are interesting but doesn’t make the game competitive much either. Choosing the best route guarentees a win 80% of the time no matter the rolls unless other players choose the same exact routes. Always pick college, into single, invest in the future, go back to college, safe path. These paths guarentee the most money and attributes and are way better than the other options. \n\nConclusion: it’s a fun game every once in a while to play 1 or 2 games with friends, but it leaves you consistently unsatisfied. I would rather play monopoly, uno, risk, or any other board game really than the game of life. For a sequel, this was very disappointing and doesn’t capitalize almost anything on the original game. I actually would probably rather play the first game because of the player v player mini games and having a family have benefit and that risky paths can change the outcome of games.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21974343, 'body': 'Hello and thank you kindly for your constructive feedback. It is greatly appreciated! Please know that I have shared all your thoughts with our team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Feel free to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any suggestions about features you would like to see in the game or any more concerns to share about The Game of Life 2! Thank you!\r\n', 'modified': '2021-03-31T14:55:00Z'}}, {'title': 'Money grab', 'userName': 'Pooprbxndjx', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 15, 19, 47, 52), 'review': 'Cost money to unlock other world in the games, for already paid for game', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19226517, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The GAME OF LIFE board or The GAME OF LIFE Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. If you have further questions, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-11-19T20:01:06Z'}}, {'title': 'Fun', 'userName': 'Pituquita408', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 7, 1, 32, 51), 'review': 'I really enjoyed the animations.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19736102, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-12-14T06:00:21Z'}}, {'title': 'Soo boringgg', 'userName': 'Channflxlanazsolrd', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 21, 17, 8, 31), 'review': 'Slow and not fun do not even attempt to enjoy', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fun game', 'userName': 'cutiepiecesva', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 6, 21, 6, 55), 'review': 'Happy playing life', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19225237, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-11-19T17:45:11Z'}}, {'title': 'Fun Fun Fun', 'userName': 'mestiza209', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 11, 18, 42, 11), 'review': 'I I really enjoy this version. Love it', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': '.', 'userName': 'play game ya?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 17, 3, 43, 19), 'review': 'This game is really fun to play', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18052410, 'body': "Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com if you ever come with ideas :)! ", 'modified': '2020-09-23T13:21:30Z'}}, {'title': 'Nice', 'userName': 'and set fcg', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 17, 17, 48, 30), 'review': 'Fun ,but the music and sound get cut out.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20552101, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your feedback and review. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:51:44Z'}}, {'title': 'Good family game', 'userName': 'Jakejamjob', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 26, 21, 14, 47), 'review': 'Good', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love', 'userName': 'wesley calder', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 5, 18, 39, 36), 'review': 'I love the game of life so much', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'It is so funnnnnnnnnnnn', 'userName': 'life isamazing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 14, 54, 39), 'review': 'It isn’t glichey at ALL', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23521951, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-06-22T11:02:56Z'}}, {'title': 'It’s ok', 'userName': 'catthyy09', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 15, 4, 50, 52), 'review': 'The original one is better', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Not fair', 'userName': 'juliakob', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 13, 12, 37, 14), 'review': 'Fun and all but I’m not sure how you can have 2 crowns and still lose', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Kinda a Scam', 'userName': 'Delewarewolf', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 3, 5, 44, 1), 'review': 'Game is $3 for one small map. If you want the other maps they’re $25', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23731919, 'body': 'Hi and thank you for your review. We offer cosmetic in-app purchases in our games to give players the opportunity to change up the look of the board. Similar to how you can purchase the classic The Game of Life board or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. This is completely optional and does not affect the game-play. Thanks!', 'modified': '2021-07-04T14:09:35Z'}}, {'title': 'Crashing', 'userName': 'Krisyw1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 24, 5, 27, 16), 'review': 'I bought tho for $4. Was in the middle of a game it crashed more than once. I’m angry.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17500278, 'body': "Hey! We are very sorry to hear about your bad experience with our Game of Life 2 app. Would you please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com with more details about these crashes? We'd love to help you out. ", 'modified': '2020-08-26T02:37:33Z'}}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Lloyd B', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 1, 45, 57), 'review': 'This is the best online game ever.', 'title': 'Game'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'MrsHyche23', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17309081, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that our Game of Life 2 app has met your expectations. We are here for you, so if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-08-16T22:45:09Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 13, 17, 12, 26), 'review': 'I love all the Life bundle games.', 'title': 'Fun'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'lslidjdjdikeksjd', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 21, 5, 9, 58), 'review': 'this game is soooo much fun!!', 'title': 'Life Review'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'HolleyRosey', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 23, 15, 17, 32), 'review': 'I love the game it is so fun!', 'title': 'Amazing game'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'MikeBrenner', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17902523, 'body': "Hi, thank you for your review. I'm very sorry to hear that you didn't like our Game of Life 2 app. Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. Please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for a more direct channel. Thank you!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-16T05:44:17Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 7, 16, 2, 20), 'review': 'It’s incredibly laborious to play. Takes forever. Nowhere near as fun as the real game.', 'title': 'Boring & Slow'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'pewdie pie good job', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17094608, 'body': 'Hey! thank you for your feedback and review! We are very happy to hear that our Game of Life 2 app fulfilled your expectations :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to send us an email to help@marmaldemail.com', 'modified': '2020-08-05T09:21:31Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 2, 2, 16, 29), 'review': 'The Best Dang game I’ve ever played!', 'title': 'Amazing Game!'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'ripzite', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19475798, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. Ware very sorry to hear that you feel this way. Could you please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com? We'd love to hear your feedback. ", 'modified': '2020-12-02T01:30:39Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 21, 35, 6), 'review': 'What a waste of money.', 'title': 'Freezes every other game'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': '🐙sqiby lasers', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 3, 22, 12, 27), 'review': 'The game is great', 'title': 'The game of life 2'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': '5crazykids5', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18738287, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review.\n\nIt is true that Apple's Family Sharing only allows the sharing of full apps, and not of in-app purchases. This is a restriction put in place by Apple that developers cannot directly circumvent. A description of what can and cannot be shared can be found on the following Apple Support Article - https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203046.\n\nThat said, we are fully aware that our family-friendly games tend to be played by full households who would benefit from the opportunity to share all purchases between each member. For that reason, we always make sure to provide players who find themselves in this situation with a solution that they can be happy with.\n\nPlease reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com so that we may assist you and get you and your family playing the Haunted Hills World together in no time.", 'modified': '2020-10-27T15:19:27Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 22, 17, 25, 9), 'review': 'So I purposely purchased iPhones for my kids, as both my husband and I have them and the location and family sharing interested me.  As I am the “main” account for family sharing some games I pay for and then my kids can share them with me.  I just bout this game in a four pack for $9.99 and we started playing clue, then the game of life.  Love the games however, my kids noticed the Halloween themed game of life downloads.  I purchased the $5.99 pack, which gave extra map and costumes, cars, etc. told my kids and we all went to play again. Low and behold, only I had the content. I am so over these greedy apps that share the main game but expect me to pay 5.99 for each of my family (6 in total including me) to have the same features! Really? I felt so bad after starting the game, getting my kids excited to play the Halloween map and I was the only one who had the content while they could see I was in a different outfit and car, they had the same basic map.  Then find out even in clue, you have to pay for new maps if you don’t want the same boring one.  What a waste of money.  Nowhere does it state extra purchases wouldn’t be sheared and if I had known ahead of time it wouldn’t be shared and there was so much more in app purchases I wouldn’t have bought it in the first place.  If your already paying for a game, why be greedy and require more purchases.  I understand if it was free but come on! I am so irritated that not only can’t Apple keep their idea of family sharing, actually family sharing, including purchases, but that this game maker can’t allow their outrageous add on prices to be shared between family either and require a separate purchase for all members.  I could buy a new Xbox one game for the cost, and the extras weren’t even great for the amount.  I will never recommend this company, their games, nor ever purchase anything else, as it seems like a bait and switch tactic by Apple and them allowing app companies to get away with screwing customers. My high regards have sunk to less than a star but I had to choose one.  Greedy, and ridiculously overpriced and u fair for family members who share apps!', 'title': 'Irritated with Apple and Greedy Apps'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Queenyoshie', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21141228, 'body': 'Hi, we are sorry to hear that the game did not meet your expectations. Could you let us know what you did not like and how you think we could improve the game at  help@marmalademail.com\r?\nIn regards to the refund, unfortunately, We are unable to process this refund ourselves as Apple does not allow developers to directly handle refunds. Please follow the steps described in the following link to request a refund directly from Apple: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT204084', 'modified': '2021-02-18T13:32:27Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 10, 18, 26), 'review': 'I regret buying this, can I please have my money back?', 'title': 'Regret'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'kjj274646737', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22999047, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-05-25T10:39:33Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 23, 15, 50, 23), 'review': 'Freezes all the time. Worst game I ever bought', 'title': 'Terrible'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Josh\\<>', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20552061, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for your review. We are very sorry to hear that you feel this way. We can assure that all GAME OF LIFE 2 mechanics are random, as our goal is to provide a fun experience to our users, and rigged games are not fun. Please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com if you continue to experience events that don't feel random.\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:50:51Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 19, 1, 55, 30), 'review': 'The computer never gets taxes and wins all spins to wins and I always land on the comps lucky numbers.', 'title': 'A bad review'}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'LordSmapy', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16795669, 'body': 'Hi! Thank you so much for your feedback and review. We are very happy to hear that our Game of Life 2 was able to meet your expectations and that you are enjoying a lot. We really appreciate your preference. I have shared your ideas with our design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. In the meantime, please let us know if you have more ideas or features request by sending us an email to help@marmalademail.com', 'modified': '2020-07-22T05:40:07Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 1, 39, 54), 'review': "So I decided to try this version out considering the vacations version didn’t go over well with my friends. I have to say it’s pretty good considering it’s still basically the game of life. \n\nFor anyone old enough to remember the Game of Life: Twists and Turns edition, this takes a lot from that. Not only is there money, but there are specific point pools for life, education, and investment. It makes it interesting if people are fighting to have the most in certain categories. The board also has a lot of split paths, such as get married or not. You can also choose pets over babies, which I like.\n\nYou can marry any kind of person you want too, which I thought was a good idea, and you can choose a house and I like how you actually hop around in the house. You have college and grad level jobs which is cool, and even spaces to increase your salary if you like your current job.\n\nMy only real complaint which took one star away was the extra board. I decided to get the VIP pass (the only game from this company I did that for). I like the graphics, the fact you can have more avatars, vehicles, and profile pics. You can have jobs relevant to the board, such as knight or jester for the fantasy board. The huge drawback is that the rest of the cards don't change. I’m dressed as an elf with the job of jester, and the first card I pick is “fix your computer”. It really detracts from the feel of the entire board with the modern life cards.\n\nHonestly if the life cards matched the theme, I would highly recommend the VIP pass. The rest of the fantasy board was pretty fun and added fun role playing jokes as we went. Without the cards matching, I would say it’s up to you if you care or not to splurge on it.\n\nI’m playing on a new iPad Pro with iOS 13.5.1 and I haven’t seen any bugs yet.", 'title': 'It’s life...v2.0'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'DIDDFIFFICRJF&F', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 17, 14, 6, 34), 'review': 'Omg I love this app! Very fun and cool!', 'title': 'I'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'WHAT AN AWFUL GAME', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17702870, 'body': "Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We can assure you that The Game of Life 2 chance mechanics is statistically random. Rigged board games are unfair and no fun, and it is our goal to deliver the best gaming experience possible. If you keep experiencing events that don't seem random, please contact us at help@marmalademail.com.\r\n", 'modified': '2020-09-04T23:29:46Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 30, 18, 42, 26), 'review': 'What an awful game.  AI spinning is obviously very rigged.  Not worth the money, which is a bummer; I wanted to like this game.  But it’s absolute trash.', 'title': 'HORRID'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'GGhood', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16931700, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your detailed feedback. \nWe are very grateful to you for taking the time to share your negative experience and your thoughts on how we can improve the game, as this allows us to continue to polish The Game of Life 2's overall experience. We care a great deal about our players' feedback and very often implement the features most requested by them.\nIn regard to the specific features and points that you found lacking, I have already shared them all with the relevant departments so that they may consider their implementation in a future update. \nAs for a refund, we are sorry to hear that Apple did not process it for you despite your purchase being accidental. Regrettably, there is nothing we can do from our side as we merely submit our games to the store while Apple manages their sales and financial transactions. For this reason, and as the seller, only Apple can assist you with a refund pending their own refund policies.\r\nWe plan to develop The Game of Life 2 for years to come, adding to the game many of the features that you mentioned, so we hope that you'll give the game another shot in the future!\n\n", 'modified': '2020-07-28T14:43:42Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 27, 13, 39, 38), 'review': 'Accidentally purchased the game tried to refund but of course to no avail. Even right after purchasing within 1 min can’t even refund lol. So of course I play. Game is so basic. For 4 bucks. Limited avatar, only one map and they make you pay 5 more bucks for like another lay out and some ridiculous 35 bucks for some bundle package. Game overall takes forever. Let alone multiplayer. They even fill with bots if not enough real players can be found. With that being said, they don’t even simulate or FF the bots turn which is ridiculous. Also, simple things that should hAve been input off the get-go (mini-map to see other players and overall score/$/skill things. No chat within players. Waited 20 seconds for one dude some turns for him to spin his ;$);&: wheel.) also needs some ranking system ur playing for nothing essentially. Also should input some other bonuses at end of game to shake score up instead of just money and most skills. If the devs see this, please refund me my money? Have some empathy. Corona virus n all. Thx.\n\nUPDATE- dev responses only to 5 star ratings LOL! The game is so boring. Every time I start playing I feel like ending it once you know all 4 players turn order. $3.99 though you’d expect a little something more lol an easily made copy from an old game yet in 2020 they are stiffing you for 4 bucks. I never buy games more than .99 because they aren’t worth it. You’d think my first purchase for a game would have some excitement or even just anything but having to wait 5 minutes for your turn just to spin a wheel one time and land on getting taxed. Please please may I have a refund. I’ve never played a worse game tbh so sorry but that’s fax no cap. Then they want to charge you money for avatars when purchase info states avatars. The game gives u 4 avatars and they are pretty lame. I’d take half my money back. Anything for some closure that I can get back financially from this “game” would be awesome.\n\nUPDATE AGAIN- let it be known that I’ve never thought in my life to delete an app/game that I’ve paid let alone on a mobile device. But it’s so bland and boring I’ve deleted it. 🗑', 'title': '4 dollars for Zzz'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': '6fdjkp', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16853125, 'body': "Hi! we are very sorry to hear that the game didn't meet your expectations. We'd love to hear more of your feedback if you could you please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com we would really appreciate it. ", 'modified': '2020-07-24T15:38:16Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 17, 3, 54), 'review': 'When I play it I ALWAYS get jipped such a waste of money', 'title': 'Boring waste of money'}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'AcidicTVC', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18944089, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. Once you get a loan, every time you land on an Action Space you will have a chance to get an Action Card that will allow you to \u200bpay it back. If you're lucky, you will be able to pay it before the end of the game! I just checked our game instructions regarding the loan payment and you are right - they are not very clear. I have let the team know so that they may edit the instructions to better explain how loan payment works. Thank you for bringing this to our attention! If you have further questions, please don't hesitate to send us an email at help@marmalademail.com", 'modified': '2020-11-06T14:08:06Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 5, 2, 5, 34), 'review': 'Good game but I can’t figure out how to repay a loan', 'title': 'Good game but.....'}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'jsdsdt12', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 3, 1, 4, 1), 'review': 'Game of life is good', 'title': 'The game of life'}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': "doesn'tlikelowreviews", 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17356590, 'body': 'Hello, we are sorry to hear that there is something wrong with the sound on your device. Please get in touch with our customer support team at help@marmalademail.com so that they can offer direct assistance. For a faster resolution, please be as detailed as possible about the issue you are experiencing. Thank you.', 'modified': '2020-08-18T14:44:35Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 15, 21, 27, 29), 'review': 'There’s no sound on my game 🤬. And yes I checked settings', 'title': 'Sound'}, {'title': 'His game was fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 29, 0, 38, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is fun', 'userName': 'turiryitfyhcf'}, {'title': 'very fun game!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 2, 48, 52), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'enjoyable game. good times', 'userName': 'Fxckboy123'}, {'title': 'Amazing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 2, 13, 54, 31), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Buy it is amazing', 'userName': 'fullhousestarwarsfan', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18312822, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. If you have questions, concerns, or want to share your ideas on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-06T23:21:08Z'}}, {'title': 'Nice', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 27, 3, 23, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Really cool and cool game!', 'userName': 'Seansuper1', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22511100, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-04-28T12:33:19Z'}}, {'title': 'If you like to lose…', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 6, 4, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'The graphics of this game are great and it has a lot of potential, but this game lacks a lot in terms of length and replayability. \n\nFor starters, if you spin high numbers, you can complete the game in 5-6 turns, which isn’t very fun. And unfortunately, the spinner usually hits high numbers no matter what you try—unless it will hurt you. Expect to get low numbers only if you’re headed for an auto stop, where it doesn’t matter what number you spin, or if your in competition with your computer opponent and high number wins money.  OH, it might give you a low number if it’ll make you land on pay taxes, too. It’s annoying.\n\n It SHOULD be great to replay, with all the i lockable things available, but the algorithms must be off for proper game function.\n\nAlmost every game played against a computer opponent  computer. If you can lose money to the computer opponent in a round you will 90% of the time. Land on fate? The computer will get a new job, house, or a baby 90% of the time, while you’ll wind up paying taxes 90% of the time.\n\nThe last 10 games I’ve played, I had to pay taxes 20+ times, the computer paid taxes 2-3 times TOTAL. Over 10 games I’ve landed on have a baby/get a pet a total of 3 times, and buy a house only ONCE! The computer lands on buy a house almost every game, sometimes TWICE a game! And the computer opponent lands on the have a baby square at least once or more every game. \n\nI understand that they may not want the collections completed too quickly, but if the computer is getting the spaces I need three times as often as I am, and almost always winning, where’s the fun in that?  \n\nWith some tweaking this could be a great game, especially if they keep adding themed boards (unlike Clue, where I paid to unlock all current and future boards, only to have them stop releasing new boards…). Until then, it’s just frustrating to lose time and again with no way to adjust to improve my chances. Maybe if they extended the sections, and added more chances to have different things happen?', 'userName': 'CEBartsch', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23907944, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your constructive feedback! These are all great suggestions - I have shared them with our design team for discussion and possible implementation in a future update. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-07-13T14:53:57Z'}}, {'title': 'Super fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 3, 3, 50, 33), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': "It's sooooo fun.", 'userName': 'OlatheSihu'}, {'title': 'Great game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 12, 17, 47, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is the bomb!!', 'userName': 'Jay Cutz'}, {'title': 'Good game strange name', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 7, 20, 58, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Ok', 'userName': '787flame'}, {'title': 'Damp Hornet', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 7, 20, 58, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Great game, strange name', 'userName': 'super strange name'}, {'title': 'Hello', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 13, 4, 21, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this game!!', 'userName': 'Team zerp'}, {'title': 'Failure on several levels', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 12, 0, 47, 19), 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'First, I don’t like the challenge games where the loser pays the winner, especially when the opponent spins a 10 FOUR TIMES IN A ROW ON EACH CHALLENGE IN ONE GAME. Also, the bonus paid for landing on an opponents number comes from your money.\nSecond, bought the Fantasy Castle upgrade, worked fine for several games, now it is locked and cannot connect to the store to try and check.\nThird, it seems like on each game played my character would spin low numbers, rarely higher than a four, and opponent would be racking up 7 - 10 a spin.\nChoice of avatars and vehicles are laughable, even with the “upgrade”.\n\nUpdate - I tried reloading the game to my iPad to see if I would get access to the upgrade I bought, was able to get it but lost all of the “points” I had won for outfits, avatars, etc. Started over, played a few games, and now I’m locked out of the Fantasy Castle board AGAIN even though I paid for it.\n\nUpdated again - after downloading the game again and playing it for a few games, the screen now goes blank during the game, while the player window I’d open and the game is obviously running. While I do like a challenging game, trying to second guess a play with a totally blank screen is too much. This is pretty much the most bug riddled, ridiculous cash grab. Unfortunately reading other comments it looks like there is no way to get a refund, so enjoy my money. Will never get any more games from either Hasbro or Marmalade.\n\nUpdated one final time - the Fantasy Castle board keeps relocking sporadically, even when trying to restore purchases on settings it doesn’t always work. Finally got it working (again) and played a game, only to have it stall at the end of the game. It did the money count then stopped. Not froze, but stopped - the two little peg people keep looking around and at each other, but it will not progress. I’m fed up with this, so basically deleting it from my iPad.\nDevelopers, thanks for your response. If it helps some other poor sap I was playing games against the computer. I will not be reaching out to you directly as I prefer to keep my email confidential, plus, if this game is this glitchy I can only imagine how you could mess up my email. \nNo more Hasbro or Marmalade games for me, thanks.', 'userName': 'sfMonkeyboy', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17191240, 'body': 'Hello and thank you for your detailed feedback. We are very sorry to hear that you have had such an unsatisfactory experience with The Game of Life 2 and would love to discuss things further with you. We would be very grateful if you could reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com, making sure to include a copy of your review so that we may directly address your concerns.\n\nHowever, I will also try to reply in a brief manner below in the eventuality that you do not wish to contact us directly.\n\n\nLet me begin by assuring you that customer satisfaction is a priority to us, and to that end we are actively monitoring user feedback and reviews to keep track of all issues and feature requests. The issues are being investigated and addressed, and the features discussed for future implementation. We realize that our games are an escape to a lot of people and want to provide them with the best experience possible, and to that effect our whole team is working tirelessly to ensure that we continue to deliver updates to The Game of Life 2.\n\nRegarding your Fairytale Kingdom purchase, you should be able to restore it by going to The Game of Life 2\'s Settings menu and tapping the "Restore Purchases" button. If that is not working for you please get in touch with us so that we may figure out what went wrong and find a solution for you. There is no reason why you should be stuck, unable to use something that you rightfully purchased, and we will make sure to solve it.\n\nIn regard to the transfer of your Collectables progress over devices, regrettably, this is currently not possible. We do understand that this is something that interests most players and are already looking into including this feature in a future update. We\'re sorry for the inconvenience.\n\nAs for the blank screen, this is an issue that we have never come across before so we would be very grateful if you could provide us with a little more information about it. For example, were you playing a Single Player game? Online with Friends? Does the issue persist after restarting the game?\n\nRegarding a refund, I am afraid that we are unable to process App Store refunds, as Apple does not give developers any tools to do so. We submit our games to the store while Apple manages their sales and financial transactions. For this reason, and as the seller, only Apple can assist you with a refund pending their own refund policies.\n However, we\'d be happy to point you in the right direction so feel free to contact us on the email shared previously.\n\nAgain, we are sincerely sorry for your negative experience. We will continue to release new updates until The Game of Life 2 is working perfectly for everyone.', 'modified': '2020-08-10T14:53:46Z'}}, {'title': 'game of life 2 review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 16, 3, 20, 7), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'awesome game', 'userName': 'mjfsn21'}, {'title': 'Noice', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 14, 20, 53, 27), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Simply noice', 'userName': 'Sallybug30', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23420653, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are extremely pleased to hear that you are having fun with our game! If you ever have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to let us know by sending us an email to help@marmalademial.com. We are here to help you out!", 'modified': '2021-06-16T13:28:04Z'}}, {'title': 'Subscribe to 1230mike on YT', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 27, 19, 41, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Great', 'userName': '1230mike'}, {'title': 'Want', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 3, 4, 53, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Want animations. And pro yo yo choices.', 'userName': 'tortugabalugabazooka'}, {'title': '😀🦋✌️', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 14, 35, 31), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This game is awesome', 'userName': 'sparkel_unicorn'}, {'title': 'DO NOT GET THIS!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 27, 17, 24, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'review': 'This game is a complete waste of money do not get this if we pay FOR THE GAME WE SHOULD GET ALL OF THE PACKS FOR FREE BUT YOU DEVS ARE GREEDY AND SELFISH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'userName': 'Denis fan😍', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18900544, 'body': "Thank you for your feedback. \n\nTHE GAME OF LIFE 2's in-app purchases are all purely cosmetic (they only change the look of the board) and do not affect game-play in any way. This is similar to how you can purchase the classic, physical The Game of Life tabletop board-game or The Game of Life Simpsons Edition. \n\nRegardless, your feedback is greatly appreciated and your concerns about the pricing will be shared with the team.", 'modified': '2020-11-04T16:18:33Z'}}, {'title': 'Wow', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 4, 13, 31, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'So fun', 'userName': 'loving home street'}, {'title': 'epic', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 5, 15, 54, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'it’s epic', 'userName': 'bryjsnfguelsx'}, {'title': 'Awesome', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 29, 1, 30, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Awesome 😎', 'userName': 'violet@garrity', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23679295, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review! We are very happy to hear that you are enjoying our GAME OF LIFE 2 game. Please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have questions, concerns, or feedback :)! We hope you keep having a blast! ", 'modified': '2021-06-30T15:01:06Z'}}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 20, 1, 26, 6), 'review': 'good', 'userName': 'isbgabehdbdb', 'title': 'good', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 22, 23, 20, 39), 'review': 'good', 'userName': 'JuliaSlocum', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18218629, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-01T15:23:55Z'}, 'title': 'good', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 16, 14, 39, 30), 'review': 'Fun', 'userName': 'Tunik5', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20552231, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:54:59Z'}, 'title': 'Cool', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 30, 20, 53, 18), 'review': 'I LOVE THIS GAME AND THAT IS ALL I KNOW :\\', 'userName': '5eyegiel', 'developerResponse': {'id': 21993827, 'body': 'Hello and thank you so much for your kind review! We are delighted to have met your expectations :). Please feel free to let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can improve The Game of Life 2 at help@marmalademail.com, as we are always monitoring player feedback and very often implement the most requested features. Thank you!', 'modified': '2021-04-01T12:47:57Z'}, 'title': ':OOO', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 15, 1, 54, 36), 'review': 'Hungrypuffin515 is cheating!!', 'userName': 'cuteraptor919', 'title': 'Cheating', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 25, 13, 44, 48), 'review': 'GET IT!!', 'userName': 'meh its ok...', 'title': 'LOVE IT!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 5, 7, 20, 22), 'review': 'This game is rigged', 'userName': '$69,420.69', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22660015, 'body': 'Hi, we are sorry to hear that you feel that way. We assure you that the game’s chance mechanics are statistically random. It would take us more work and development time to rig the game, than to make it fair and statistically random, with absolutely nothing to gain other than frustrating our player base. help@marmalademail.com for a direct channel.', 'modified': '2021-05-06T14:55:13Z'}, 'title': 'Rigged', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 27, 2, 53, 42), 'review': 'Hui', 'userName': 'caitlin08643', 'title': 'Ikj', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 9, 16, 2, 9), 'review': '!!!!!', 'userName': 'vivan gonzalez', 'title': 'OMG 😆', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 1, 19, 17, 45), 'review': 'EPIC', 'userName': 'hic hdiecbhianed', 'title': 'EPIC', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 20, 18, 56, 35), 'review': 'Fun game', 'userName': 'Wrennation', 'title': 'Fun', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 4, 14, 57, 5), 'review': 'Gracias por crear el mejor juego del \nMundo', 'userName': 'Knife27', 'title': 'Gracias a ti', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 3, 14, 58), 'review': 'No bueno', 'userName': 'paulman69373', 'title': 'Yes', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 20, 16, 35, 28), 'review': 'Love it', 'userName': 'Yolanda2800', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18632472, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-22T04:58:43Z'}, 'title': 'So fun', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 11, 1, 6, 55), 'review': 'Fun game', 'userName': 'I like to fart', 'title': 'Fun', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 16, 17, 32, 22), 'review': 'Best game ever', 'userName': 'f7vgfgghvyggyg', 'title': 'Best', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 10, 1, 3, 19), 'review': 'This game is sooooo much fun!I never played the first won but this is worth my 3 dollars!Im going to film videos of this for my YouTube!', 'userName': 'Nek0Sxkura👑🤡💅🏽', 'title': 'GORGEOUS', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 13, 17, 33, 25), 'review': 'This game and it’s parent app, freeze too often for it to be paid. I haven’t been able to get through more than 2 full run of the game without restarting the app due to it frezzing at point totals. \n\nPlease fix this error in code otherwise, the product you make people pay for that doesn’t offer what was intended should be FREE of charge.', 'userName': 'UM02', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22259758, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your feedback. We will continue to tweak The Game of Life 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues. Thank you!", 'modified': '2021-04-15T10:33:15Z'}, 'title': 'You pay for glitches', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 6, 7, 54, 44), 'review': 'I love this game it is so  much fun!my only problem is it glitches a lot and makes me restart the entire game.it will log me out in the middle of the game with is super annoying especially when your about to win so I’d give it 5 stars but is glitches so i took away one star for that and that is my review.', 'userName': 'tom1234 seq', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20967775, 'body': "Hi and thank you for your review! We are delighted to hear that you are loving THE GAME OF LIFE 2 2 despite the issue mentioned. We will continue to tweak THE GAME OF LIFE 2's performance in our coming updates to ensure that the game runs as smoothly as possible for everyone. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at help@marmalademail.com should you encounter any other technical issues.", 'modified': '2021-02-10T04:57:30Z'}, 'title': 'It’s great but it glitches.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 10, 17, 18, 47), 'review': 'Stunning & immersive graphics, fully customizable playing pieces, more “life path” choices, the rewards system and diverse theme boards (“worlds”) are the best parts of this reboot.  Some might miss the Thunderdome-style player vs. player mini games & action card discussion topics, but the overhaul helps keep players interested over time.\n\nExtra kudos for the inclusion of a gender-neutral peg & their adorable wedding outfit.  It’s a great way to educate children about gender identity and/or the LGBTQ+ community in a no-big-deal way.  (Or you can just explain that pink + blue = purple.)\n\nAs much as I enjoy this game, there are a few things that are annoying enough to affect my rating:\n* In the Pass & Play mode, it would be nice to have the option of changing a peg’s name from Player2 etc.  (Kids, especially young ones and/or siblings, might care about this more than adults.)\n* The Fate square’s spinner is more about probability than fate.  Half of the spaces are occupied by Taxes and Actions, the two most common spaces on the rest of the board.  Without removing the Action spaces & dividing the spinner evenly between the remaining five big-ticket items, the only motivation to choose the Risky path is if you’re in dire need of a house or babies to complete your rewards puzzle.  Speaking of which...\n*THIRTY BABIES FOR AN AVATAR???  It’s beyond unreasonable.  There are five “grow your family” spaces on the entire board, all on the right-hand side.  Even with the 11 Fate spaces, a player has to follow a very specific & non-lucrative path to collect offspring, if they’re lucky enough to land on a space.  And I don’t know why the game’s description talks about having a dozen cats or five dogs, since the most I’ve ever gotten was three.  I just finished this puzzle for the basic world, and it easily took over 50 games to get 30 kids/pets.  And those games were dedicated exclusively to the paths that had a family space on them, so it became tedious very quickly.  The avatar wasn’t any fancier than the others, either, so it was a huge disappointment.  I don’t recommend actively pursuing this reward unless Marmalade makes it easier to achieve (reduce the number required, add “2nd chance” action cards, etc.).\n\nAlso, the career-choice code is a little screwy, because the card that is selected is removed (instead of staying on the screen) 99% of the time.  But that’s not a big deal, because it’s displayed on the map feature during each player’s turn.\n\nOverall, this is a great modern take on the game & I definitely recommend it.  Just don’t worry about the Grow-Your-Family reward.', 'userName': 'thumpinsumpin', 'developerResponse': {'id': 21141098, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your feedback! I have shared your thoughts with our design team to be taken into consideration for future implementation. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us at help@marmalademail.com if you have any more suggestions or even concerns to share. ", 'modified': '2021-02-18T13:24:57Z'}, 'title': 'It’s mostly fantastic...mostly.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Play the game', 'review': 'The game is awesome and its like oh no then yes or you have to pay me.So play this game.It is a multi player game, play this game buy it now!Play with friends.Customize your peg(character)And make your name whatever you want.', 'userName': 'Kaiamom', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 6, 3, 25, 34), 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20967823, 'body': "Hey! Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear that you are having fun! We hope you continue to have a blast with our GAME OF LIFE 2 App. Don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com for any questions or concerns. We also implement the most requested features, so if you have any ideas, we'd love for you to let us know :)!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-02-10T05:01:21Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'ijsjdjndjd', 'review': 'hi ui hu hi hi hi hi kdksijs', 'userName': 'charli chcoclate', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 30, 21, 18, 1), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Quite fun, but could be better!', 'review': 'I purchased this after seeing it played on YouTube as this was one of my favorite board games. I like how it’s been modernized with fun new ways to interact with the spinner, new games, and I greatly appreciate the inclusion of same-sex marriages and transgender character options.\n\nBut I do have a few minor things I noticed about the gameplay that I want to bring up.\n\n1. The boards are pretty short. It’s easy to end up flying through a game by rolling high and missing a lot of spaces. I’ve played 5 games so far and I’ve never seen anyone — myself or one of four computer players — have a child. Definitely recommend more spaces on the board.\n\n2. The attributes don’t seem very helpful when it comes to your final score unless you have the crown, and even then it seems more helpful to have a lot of money vs having crowns. Maybe weigh the attributes a bit more compared to cash so there’s a real incentive to go after them, especially since the Action space attributes can ask 100K from you? Or have all attribute cards have a cost to them, instead of just the 2-attribute ones?\n\n3. I think there should be a higher incentive to get married, or at least to weigh it evenly against staying single. Maybe once you’re married, every time you pass a salary space, your spouse adds a small amount to your paycheck (maybe 20K?). And you should definitely get 2 Happiness attributes from marriage instead of one. \n\n4. I’d like some negative events that aren’t taxes. Most of the action cards are positive ones, I’d like to see setbacks like totaling your car, emergency surgery, private schooling for your children, natural disaster property damage, divorce — you could also add insurance like in the original game, where you have to pay a set amount every round but you can avoid some of the disaster cards for your car and house(s).\n\nThose are all the ideas I have for now, and if you do see them, I greatly appreciate you taking the time to read them over. Thank you for your hard work!', 'userName': 'Vashieee', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 19, 22, 56, 22), 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20551940, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review. We are very thankful for your thoughtful and detailed feedback. \u200bI have already forwarded your ideas to the design team for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the features most requested by our players so please don't hesitate to send us an email to help@marmalademail.com should you have any more ideas about features you would like to see in THE GAME OF LIFE 2!\r\n", 'modified': '2021-01-21T11:47:30Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love ❤️ this game, but.....', 'review': 'I love this game sooooo much😍💜💜💜💜. The only thing is....we need more action card choices because I am tired of the same thing every time. Some action cards are the fired action card or great uncle Max’s birthday or lawsuit against the other player or just some more choices please. Another thing is could you please give us more jobs to choose from bc I’m tired of only choosing from App developer, chef, YouTuber, Popstar, and the others. You could give us a 👮🏽\u200d♂️👮🕵️\u200d♀️👨\u200d🌾👩🏼\u200d⚕️👩🏽\u200d⚕️👷👩\u200d🏫👨\u200d🏫🧑\u200d🎨👨\u200d🚒👩\u200d🚀. Just give us some more choices for a job. And more avatars. It would be nice to have more houses to choose from,instead of the same thing every time.And please cut down on the price 💵💵. Overall I love ❤️ this game. But please give us more choices. Thank you ☺️💜', 'userName': 'goodvibes4Ever', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 29, 5, 8, 24), 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18218731, 'body': "Hello and thank you for your review. It's great to hear that you are having such a great time with THE GAME OF LIFE 2 app :)! We hope you continue having a blast with it. I've shared your ideas with our designers about adding more cards and the pricing.  If you have questions, concerns, or more ideas to share on how to improve our game, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com \r\n", 'modified': '2020-10-01T15:30:11Z'}, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Honest from the heart review', 'review': 'I do really like this game, BUT ! This game has a lot of things that are just dampers.. almost EVERY.SINGLE.TIME I click the family path, I’ve rolled too high of a number to even have kids, or have a pet. My friends and I feel that, that part of the game is far too short. Also, my partner and I have played together quite a bit sitting side by side online with other players. We noticed that we feel the game favors certain profiles of who gets which crowns during game play. I was one point behind my partner in getting the knowledge crown, but all of the sudden the game just didn’t give me anymore options for knowledge at all. All in all, the game is adorable. The scenes are cute, it would be cool if there were different scenes for each person so it’s not so boring to watch the same scene over and over again. I love the option of getting married, or staying single, and that you can still get an option further down to get married. I LOVE that pets are included, but seriously majority of the time I’m so unfortunate to not get any pets at all because as I’ve said that part of the game is way too short, I, and my friends feel strongly about. What’s the point of even putting pets in the mix if they’re not even obtainable ? This game has so much more potential. Please please PLEAAASEEE take in these words and add more. Please, from a LIFE game lover ever since I was a child. I feel this game deserves so much more. Especially for spending 40$ on this game... C’mon.', 'userName': 'Xslayerofshitx', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 2, 7, 7, 33), 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17101499, 'body': "Hi! Thank you for your review and feedback. We are very sorry to hear that our Game of Life 2 game didn't completely fulfill your expectations. I've shared your concerns and ideas with our designers for discussion during their next internal meeting. We often implement the most requested features, so if you have more ideas of what you'd like to see implemented in the future, please send us an email to help@marmalademail.com.", 'modified': '2020-08-05T14:45:31Z'}, 'isEdited': False}], [{'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Puzzle lovers dream', 'review': 'I love this app because it’s the best way to enjoy puzzles without the mess and expense of tangible ones. Plus, there are never missing pieces! For only a few dollars you get 30 or more puzzles. You can’t do that with “real” puzzles! If you love jigsaw puzzles, this app is for you! I like the fact I can pause the game when I’m not actively working on a puzzle so I can see how much actual time it took to complete. I challenge myself to improve my time because it’s a way to exercise the brain. \n\nI have not had the same negative experience as some of the reviews I’ve seen posted over the recent hours/days. Mine doesn’t crash or have too many ads. Someone gave the game 1 star because it’s “not really free” but the APP is free. It’s clearly stated in the App Store, when you read the fine print, that there are “in app purchases” therefore it’s not advertised as “always” free. There is a free daily puzzle. I often start several daily puzzles and leave them to finish later. So I have 2 or 3 in my “in progress” bucket all the time. If you only want truly free puzzles take advantage of the daily ones. Otherwise buy puzzle packs on sale. There are puzzle packs for $0.99, $1.99 and $2.99 that are good ones. Each puzzle pack has around 30 or so which can be done over and over with various levels of difficulty to challenge you. There are ways to enjoy the app without spending more than $3. Get creative. \n\nI’ve used several other puzzle apps and I like this one the best.', 'userName': 'ChelbiMustang', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 12, 14, 14, 13), 'developerResponse': {'id': 14014014, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-12T18:51:19Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzles', 'review': "I'll add my thoughts....I love jigsaw puzzles.  The only problem in our house is that the hubby doesn't like to see the card table sitting out.  This game takes care of that.  I have had a great time getting into the swing of things....getting faster now though.  Since I just upgraded I play the sound of waves and it is very relaxing.  I love flowers and the color green so I make sure to have those puzzles to work on.  I give this app an A plus.  One more thing....I really enjoy using my own photos in a puzzle. I recently asked about sizing photos while using my own photos.  My question was answered promptly and I really appreciate that.\n\nI really really love this app.  So relaxing! Update: 11/17. I really appreciate this app going back to letting the player decide when to add the rest of the pieces after placing the edge pieces in the puzzle.  I didn't appreciate it when one of the updates automatically added them after completing the edge pieces.  Over all, I have spent many many hours of fun and relaxation with this app.  By far the best of several I have tried. I have purchased a lot of puzzles but have had special enjoyment completing puzzles from my own pictures.  I give this app A+.  Update:  December 4, 2017. I don't appreciate the newest upgrade where an instantaneous flash occurs when the correct piece is added.  It is definitely annoying.  I'd like to turn it off.", 'userName': 'Slightlysorry', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 4, 20, 12, 15)}, {'isEdited': True, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Improvement', 'review': "I want to update my earlier review because there have been some significant changes (some good/some bad). Most importantly praise is warranted because the puzzle hardly ever crashes anymore -- thank you! \n\nSome things I'm not so happy about are the following: (1) Trays are useless and take up valuable board space; (2) there are 2 puzzle packs that I do not want (taking up valuable data space) that have been placed in my puzzles. I cannot delete them. I will never use them and I would like to remove them. Please tell me how. (3) I want to do puzzles at my pace when I have the time. I don't want the annoying messages that tell me how many puzzles I have completed or that I need to complete more, etc. Just please allow me to utilize the game the way I want to. Maybe this is as a result of the upgrade to get rid of ads, not sure. Had I known I would be assaulted with all these messages after every puzzle completion, I would never have upgraded. The game should have a feature to turn off all annoying messages. Thank you for listening!\n\nlove this puzzle app when it works. The problem is that it constantly crashes and freezes, and sometimes the screen just goes black (but ad at bottom still plays lol). I have to close the app and wait a bit then try reopening so it will reload (hopefully). Why can't these bugs be fixed? I'm not the only one complaining about them. I can't delete and reinstall because I will loose all purchased puzzle packs!", 'userName': 'Iluvshops', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 30, 3, 26, 32), 'developerResponse': {'id': 9049006, 'body': "Thank you for your review Iluvshops! I deeply regret hearing you're having issues with crashing. Our team would like to collect more information from you on this and to help you resolve this issue. Please reach out to us via the following link: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ and reference MW-572187. We look forward to assisting you!", 'modified': '2019-06-06T23:21:58Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'CHANGE IT BACK!', 'review': 'I love this app! I put together at least 4-5 puzzles at 100 pieces every day and it helps with my anxiety. But... \nThe last update that I had to do to get the Monopoly challenge changed the sorting tray options, the tool bar and the background options. When using these, which takes longer now, the timer is still counting.\nI do not like that you can only have one sorting tray-it says SORTING tray not get the pieces off the board tray. You have to open the tool bar to move it to another area on the board. You cannot pull it down to make it square but have to have the tray at the top or bottom. Plus I just had to stop to take care of some things around the house and when I opened the puzzle back up my sorting tray, which I put the same shape pieces together was all mixed up. What is the point of having a sorting tray if you cannot sort the pieces?\nI have to change the background according to the colors in the puzzle to see them, especially if they are dark or the same color as the background. Before there was a forward and backward choice and now I have to go through every background to get to the one before the one I was on. And if I make a mistake and go by it I have to cycle through again.\nPlease, please put these back like they were! They worked great like that and I do not see why you changed them. Thank you!', 'userName': 'James#1Wife', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 19, 8, 1)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Update is awful', 'review': 'I loved playing this game until the most recent update came out. Before the update you could push a button on the puzzle settings menu that would lock the board and keep it from moving. While you can still do this with the new update, it resets every time you start a new puzzle, unlike before when it would stay that way until you changed it again. Having the board be movable is unnecessary to begin with (except for zooming in and out). The scatter function is worse than before and it moves the pieces too far out onto the edges of the board, and I have to move them back in again in order to see them. I play this game on an iPad, and even though the iPad is old, I feel like the ads on this game slow the movements down a lot more, and the pieces don’t follow your finger as well as they used to. \nOther than those complaints I still really like the game. I enjoy that there are free daily puzzles as well as many free puzzle packs. I also enjoy that you can earn coins with every puzzle you complete, and use those coins to “buy” new puzzle packs. I hate in-game purchases, so having the incentive to do more puzzles in order to get more puzzles is highly rewarding and less draining on my bank account. Many of these puzzle packs are not worth the money, even if they are on sale. \nI will continue to play this game even with its flaws. I think that it is still worth it and pretty fun to do when you want to relax while being mentally active.', 'userName': 'Dagan2278', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 1, 15, 14), 'developerResponse': {'id': 7920469, 'body': "Hi Dagan2278, \n\nThank you so much for your feedback and for reporting these issues to us. First, I'm thrilled to hear you're enjoying the free puzzles packs and our reward system! Second, Our development team has been working hard to ensure that you can get back to enjoying Jigsaw Puzzle! I am happy to let you know that there is a new update available in the App Store right now, because I noticed that you are currently playing an old version of the app.\n\nLastly, we are always keen to listen to our players so we really appreciate your detailed review. This is the best way to improve our products and services and maintain our client’s satisfaction! Please Contact Us in-game Settings and select Support if you have any additional questions or comments! We appreciate your patience and understanding.", 'modified': '2019-03-26T21:18:21Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Newest Version Doesn’t Address Old Issues', 'review': 'First I want to say that I put together a puzzle with this software almost every day, so I’m very familiar with it. Unfortunately, the last update is very annoying and disappointing, and they still haven’t addressed older issues that bother an average user, namely; 1. Puzzle image is restricted to a square format; 2. Table size is too small; 3. Auto scattered pieces go nearly off the small table. \nHere are the issues with the newest version; 1. The overall feel is very jerky. While they may have made the play faster, it feels much more like a computer game than it used to. The smoothness of moving the pieces around is much reduced. 2. The virtual table is way too small no matter what size I set in the preferences. There needs to be more room outside of the puzzle frame to assemble pieces and develop strategy. 3. The pieces seem to violently snap into place when they get close to being correct. 4. The puzzle size is still limited to a square format. 5. Auto scattered pieces still go nearly off the table. 6. When scrolling to the side to see pieces off the playing area, the whole game snaps back too quickly. A larger virtual table may be the solution to this and some of the above issues.\nI almost never criticize other people’s hard work, but this version leaves a lot to be desired. I really want to give it 5 stars, but I just can’t until they fix the above issues. Please fix a few things and I’ll enthusiastically recommend this app.', 'userName': 'Uncle Dan 59', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 1, 40, 9)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Super Relaxing', 'review': 'I truly dislike leaving reviews. I have been doing these puzzles for several years. I finally decided to leave my thoughts about this app.  I love it!  The app itself is easy to maneuver through.  I love hat you can make a puzzle simple enough for a 3 year old or challenging enough for your veteran puzzler.  I love that you can turn the ability to rotate the pieces on and off. Sometimes I only have 10 or 15 minutes to do a puzzle so I keep it fairly simple.  It helps my brain relax, so I continue on with my busy, hectic day. I\'m OCD, so I have to be able to finish a puzzle before I leave.  The pictures are awesome. I don\'t like spending money in apps, but I have in this one. I can\'t buy a hands on puzzle for 1.99, much less get 30 that I can actually do hundreds, if not thousands of ways. I can also use my own pictures too. \nWhat I don\'t love about the app is that there are so many pop ups for "Sales". I generally don\'t buy those. I go through the store and choose the ones that I want. The only other thing that I can think of is the backgrounds. I think there needs to be more neutral, calm backgrounds, or tables. I can only use a couple, the neon, or bright red ones make it so I can\'t even see the puzzles. That\'s not a big deal, just an opinion. I\'m sure they work for others out there, just not me.  Overall, it\'s a 5 Star app!', 'userName': 'lalafor', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 24, 15, 38)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'A MUST OWN APP! U complete my iPad! 🤗May 2018', 'review': 'I posted this and it was fixed the same day! I’d give you 10 stars if I could!!!  ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️\nI   ➖ LOVE ❤️- the flash when I’ve got the right piece! Glad you added it ... could turn it on/off in settings. My husband 🛏  💤 💤 💤  sleeping while I play, so I don’t use sound effects.\nDeveloper? Please Fix ...What happened to the names of each puzzle? Example: I bought the bundle  “FAMOUS PAINTINGS” because I liked that each painting had a title. A little bit of trivia made it even more interesting. It was there when I bought it and downloaded it. Now, they’re gone. I want that feature “Name for each puzzle” back please.  \nI use your app everyday. I give your app full approval and highly recommend it with 5 Stars ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️⭐️⭐️ because it’s perfect! No bugs, no crashes, ever! Always up to date with every new Apple update! Online or offline, I can play it anywhere and everywhere. I just ❤ my puzzle packs! Great puzzles-  free and/ or to buy at great prices! New bundle sales all the time!  I budget myself to one purchase a month because I have so many to open yet! ...and what a deal (frequent $ales) for the price of one puzzle I get 20 to 60 different puzzles and in every size to play over & over!  It’s like buying 600 puzzles for $1.99!', 'userName': 'Swampy D', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 7, 4, 54, 1)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Almost perfect!', 'review': 'I’ve played 6 different puzzle apps and this one is Almost the best!There are so many beautiful and fun pictures and categories to choose from. Lots of free puzzles! I paid for the full version and have purchased one puzzle pack just because I loved all the pictures in it. There are a few more that I will buy once I complete this one. You can also download more backgrounds for free! \nI Love the picture preview! You can leave it on so that you can see it while working the puzzle and it is resizable and can be moved all around the playing area!! Most puzzle apps don’t do that. \nThe only thing that this is lacking is having a tray for your puzzle pieces. There are times when I don’t want the pieces scattered. I would rather take pieces out one at a time from a scrolling tray and sort them that way like some other apps have but also still have the option to move out all pieces if you want to. A scrolling tray would make this app absolutely perfect!!! As far as how the app works, it’s great! I haven’t had any problems with glitches or things not working correctly like some of the other reviews.  \nPlease developers, make a scrolling tray to keep pieces in 🙏🏼....that would make your App the Very Best!! I would pay even more if you could keep everything else the same and add this feature!!! Then I will come back and make my rating a 5 Star App!!!', 'userName': 'FarmFanRw', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 20, 21, 37, 16), 'developerResponse': {'id': 7480257, 'body': "Awesome to hear you're enjoying Jigsaw. We appreciate your feedback regarding organizer trays! Your comments have passed it along to our developers for future consideration. We really appreciate you being a loyal player and helping to share the word about us. Thanks for playing MobilityWare!", 'modified': '2019-02-26T20:37:09Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Made the trays optional—now do the “objectives”!', 'review': 'I am totally rewriting my last 1-star reviews to reflect the fact that at last the developers have responded to the flood of complaints regarding those annoying trays, and did the logical thing of making them totally optional on the puzzle board. Thank you! I have not played at all for the last months and have not had a chance to evaluate some of the other complaints Mentioned in other folks’ reviews, so will hold off on giving more than a 3-star review. In particular, the last few times I opened the puzzle and in quickly checking out the tray update, I did notice the also-annoying “objectives” that pop up  unasked for, and agree that they, too should be optional. The objective of doing puzzles is pretty clear—to enjoy the process of doing the puzzle and satisfaction of completing it. Let us set our own objectives and quit treating like little children who have come (in our modern society) to expect a gold star every time they do the least little thing correctly (and hence never learn to be self motivated to accomplish for their own sense of accomplishment). Many many reviewers say they don’t like the objectives so I hope the developers listen some more. I mean, getting a pop-up because I expanded or contracted the size of the puzzle board—come on, already!! How ridiculous is that? I have been doing that for years. Listen up, puzzle developers!', 'userName': 'OnthBeach54', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 1, 15, 33, 7), 'developerResponse': {'id': 13272437, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're glad to hear that you are happy with the new option in the Settings and we thank you for taking the time to share your continued feedback. Our development team is always listening and if you have further feedback or questions, please let us know. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-03T18:59:59Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Hate the newest update', 'review': 'I put off updating my game (& my iOS)until it froze on the loading screen and wouldn’t load up anymore. As I hadn’t changed anything on my end that leads me to believe that somehow on your end you did something that forced me to update... maybe in the same way that other items (boxes advertising your puzzles, events and other games that you own) just magically appear in my game in between updates. You know, the boxes have a delayed button that you have to wait until it shows up before you can close it. Imagine that?\nNext issue. Coins that can’t be used to buy any but the oldest most awful puzzle packs. I don’t think I’d even download those if they were in the free section. Which just makes the 40k plus coins I have worthless. The puzzle pack selection that are offered for coins haven’t changed in over 6 months... probably more like 9 months. I’ve basically given up. I don’t even care to look at what you offer in the puzzle store anymore.\nWhich brings me to the latest update,  where the puzzle shrinks down really small when you get to the last puzzle piece.  It’s horrible! I wear bifocals and have problems with things that flash or are too bright. This little flashing piece (that I managed to drop on top of my little bitty puzzle) is unbelievably irritating. \nI thought the game was pretty much perfect when I downloaded it almost 2 years ago. I don’t know how you manage, but every update makes the game a little worse. I’m really disappointed.', 'userName': 'bluejeanmamma', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 4, 21, 53, 44), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18950859, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review and for your feedback regarding our in-game messages, packs available for Coins, and the last-piece feature. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2020-11-06T23:06:26Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I enjoy doing my puzzles every day. It is truly relaxing!', 'review': 'It is a disappointment that there are very few puzzles you can use accumulated points to buy. I always bought puzzles but enjoyed using points to buy puzzles when I accumulated enough.\nNow I do not do any of the ads or treasure chests, there is no reason to bother accumulating points any more.\nI do still think it is the best puzzle app.\nI had my own business for many years until I retired a few years ago. One of the most important thing I learned is that it is bad business to take away something you have offered good customers who are returning consistently. Instead of offering fewer puzzles for points, make a person need double the points. \nAs an example the busiest sandwich shop not far from my business used to offer two sides with every Pannini. All of a sudden you got just the pannini, sides were extra! All my clients that used to go there were angry. He should have simply raised the price on the sandwich with the free sides! Semantics, I know, but people hate to have things taken away but they do understand prices going up! This place made so many people mad they actually went out of business.  There is too much competition out there these days to offend customers.', 'userName': 'Epohnan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 25, 16, 48, 1), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18203952, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-09-30T20:37:00Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love it,but...', 'review': 'Love it...but...the main complaint I have is that when the pieces are first scattered they are flung so hard that some of them get lost on the sidelines. I would prefer that they were all just dumped in the middle so I could sort the pieces myself, into the piles I choose as I would have to do anyway. As it is, I cannot move the tray far enough (up, down, or to either side) to get some of the pieces and have to use the light bulb as many as a dozen times to find and then drag a lost piece out of hiding. I don’t recall having to do this process before: when I was playing last year.\n\nOtherwise, I absolutely love the beautiful puzzles I have purchased and was so happy to find this website again after my IPad went down last year. In addition, I was overjoyed to find that I still had the puzzles I had purchased before, some of which I dearly loved and thought were gone. With a touch of the button they were restored to me. I was happily surprised and moved that they were archived so that if I do have trouble with this IPad and have to buy another, the puzzles will still go with me to another unit. Lastly, the puzzle graphics on this website are better than another one I was going to try (but I didn’t like scrolling the pieces to find what I was looking for so I nixed that right away.', 'userName': 'Singagain', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 0, 52, 21), 'developerResponse': {'id': 14691178, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-15T21:28:43Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Have lowered my rating', 'review': 'I have lowered my rating from 5 stars to 3 stars. The app use to be a great app! The app lets you collect points when you complete a puzzle and those points can be used to get free puzzle packages. You can also watch ads to earn more points. There use to be many puzzle packages to choose from that you could either purchase the package or use your saved points to get them. There are still several that can be purchased, but the number of packages you can use your saved points for getting the puzzles have been reduced drastically. I have saved up 5,000 points, which equals about $5 in value and after looking at the many available packages I found 1 that I could use points to redeem. The app made money off of me as I watched  ads to gain points, but since my options are so limited it was a waste of my time. It seems like many of the other apps that start off good, but then someone gets greedy! I have purchased several of packages in the past, but I will only play the free daily puzzle from now on. I can’t stand the greediness of apps like this, so I will no longer be purchasing anything!\n\nUpdate: This app is the best as far as puzzle app’s go, BUT I have to remove stars because it either locks up and you have to wait to move the puzzle pieces or worse the app crashes and closes completely. This happens every time I do a puzzle often multiple times while completing a puzzle.', 'userName': 'Huff60', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 29, 17, 20, 57), 'developerResponse': {'id': 20886368, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-1070924 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-02-05T17:10:26Z'}}, {'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Puzzle fun, glitches... not so much', 'review': 'NEW UPDATE: seems fixed?  Too soon to tell for sure but the most recent software update seems to have fixed the bug. Fingers crossed!\n\nUPDATE: I wrote my first review earlier this week and as of this morning, the app is almost unusable... crashes about every 30-45 seconds and when I relaunch, I have to sit through another ad before accessing puzzles, which quickly crash again. I have noticed that the app never seems to crash during an ad, only during puzzle work.\n\nORIGINAL:  I love, really love, playing this puzzle when it’s working properly but on my phone it tends to freeze and shut itself down regularly. This has always been an issue and in the past, it would only happen if I switched back-and-forth between apps while the puzzle was running. Now, it seems to just happen randomly. Most of the time, it saves my work before it shuts down but sometimes it doesn’t. And when the app relaunches, you have to sit through the ads all over again. It also tends to drain the battery pretty quickly. But I love the variety of images and the myriad ways the difficulty level can be adjusted... number of pieces, rotating pieces, etc. Just need to fix the bugs!', 'userName': 'blueberrygal', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 6, 3, 6, 19), 'developerResponse': {'id': 9487466, 'body': "Helloblueberrygal! I am sorry to hear you're having trouble with crashing. Support would love to help you address this problem! If you would, please reach out to us via the following link: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ and reference MW-654639 - We look forward to hearing from you and helping you resolve this!", 'modified': '2019-07-03T21:36:09Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'GREAT Puzzles! GREAT Support!', 'review': 'I look forward to these puzzles every day!  Having both a free puzzle everyday and reasonably priced puzzles to purchase has made this my favorite web app!  I used to purchase puzzles and take over a table in my house. No more, the puzzles go with me.\nI look forward to waiting at appointments so I can work the puzzles.  I especially like that you can make the puzzle as difficult or easy as you want. You can increase/decrease the number of pieces and whether you want the pieces to be scattered or in their actual direction.  Bottom line, you can make the puzzles personalized to your skill level.  Some days, I make it difficult and some days easier.  \n\nThe best thing is that the developers support for the puzzles is OUTSTANDING/EXCELLENT.  Recently, I had an issue and the response was extremely respectful and personalized.  I feel as though the developers care about the user and want them to have a great experience. Yes, there were some issues several months ago, but these issues have been recognized and fixed. In addition, the puzzles are continuously improved based on user feedback. When a change is made you can use it or turn it off, you are not forced to change.', 'userName': 'Nels A', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 8, 13, 27, 51), 'developerResponse': {'id': 14575447, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! We're glad to hear that you're enjoying the app and had great experiences with our Support Team. If you have any questions in the future, or feedback to share, please Contact Us from within the app's Settings menu. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-09T20:38:29Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'What did you guys do?', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this app for years.   But i am seriously considering deleting it.   You went and changed everything and now its horrible.  First of all why didnt you leave the bar on the bottom with the time and the lock button, and puzzle preview....etc.   You went and put it on the side.  You have to bring it up every time you want to do something, including locking the board; even looking to see the timer.   Then you have to x it out when you start the puzzle because it takes up so much room. Then, when you click the scatter button it scatters the pieces so far away that you spend five minutes rounding them up so they are all together on the screen and not so far off of the screen and into the corners.  And now when you make the screen bigger, the pieces become huge.  The last piece of the puzzle that sparkles is stupid too.  And dont get me started on the coins.  You might as well get rid of it. Everyone says the same thing and so do i -  i have all these coins saved up and there is never anything to buy.  And the few that are available are all packs that no one would want.  Why did you mess with a good thing?  Please turn it back to the way it was.  If you wont at least give people the option of the new update or keeping it the way it is.   I’m so disappointed.  I used to do a few puzzles a day and buy the packs.  But now it isnt even fun to do one.   I guess ill take my money elsewhere.', 'userName': 'Lvgirl1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 2, 31, 47), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19352014, 'body': 'Thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-11-25T18:13:21Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Worse by the day!', 'review': 'I wrote a review a day or two ago, and can\'t find it, so I\'ll have to start again. With the latest update, things have gotten way worse. This app has always had issues, now it\'s unplayable. As I said in my last review, the puzzle pieces are now nearly unmovable. They just won\'t drag, and when they finally do, they don\'t want to go into place. The update was to make the puzzle open more quickly, which it does! But what good is it when the puzzle is so hard to play? This morning I tried to open it and every time I hit play, it would mute itself then close. I wrote to the company three or four days ago, but haven\'t had a response. I\'d try uninstalling and reinstalling, but I read in their trouble shooting I could lose the puzzle packs I downloaded. What to do?\nUDATE: They did another update and I\'m adding back a couple of stars. As they claim, the puzzle now loads faster...when it eventually appears. The intro to the puzzle, however, takes awhile, first appearing vertical, then horizontal, then stretching out, and finally becoming normal so you can tap play. They have taken out the option to earn coins by watching adds. When the "watch ad and earn coins" icon is even there it never works, saying, "There are no ads available. Try again later."  But at least the daily puzzles are playable again.', 'userName': 'Kathyl0u', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 20, 12, 23, 11)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun, but there are some problems.', 'review': "This is an update to my earlier review.  I lowered my rating from 5 stars to 3 stars.  The reason mostly has to do with the free credits.  When I first discovered that I could earn credits and then use them to buy puzzles, I was excited!  Being retired, I have lots of time to study the puzzle packs and decide which ones I want.  I keep a running list on my iPad.  If I remember correctly, at first all puzzle packs could be purchased with credits.  Now, there are very few, and NONE of the newer packs can be bought with credits.  This seems unfair to the players.  And, it is just getting worse!  Every week it seems as though fewer puzzles are available for purchase using credits.  I feel bad for the people who bought credits.  It's like they wasted their money, and there is no way to get a refund.  The changes come with every update.  I have had this app a very long time.  Over the years, I have bought a number of puzzle packs.  I won't be buying any more.  I will just work the puzzles I have.\n\nI just recently discovered how much fun it is to work jigsaw puzzles on my iPad.  This app is especially nice.  It has lovely puzzles and the option to have different numbers of pieces.  I can work one that is really easy or apply myself and work one that is more difficult.  I highly recommend it!", 'userName': 'Pinehillgirl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 19, 18, 43, 1), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17467525, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Credits! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a large selection of packs available for Credits. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-08-24T14:52:28Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Puzzled....', 'review': "In the beginning I was happy with the app...  then, I attempted to purchase the add on that would have enabled me to use my own photos as  puzzles... it was also supposed to unlock all of the features associated with this app....\nUnfortunately, it did NONE of these things... what it DID DO, however, was to take the money out of my account for it.... I attempted to make this same purchase again, some months later, at its relentless prompts....  again, it did not unlock any features...  this time, however, I removed the credit card number that it was going to take the money from...  \nThe next time I attempted to download a FREE app, it refused to let me do it, as it said I owed money...  even though I never received anything, the first time, & they DID get their $, it held my phone ransom, & wouldn't let me do anything until I put that credit card back in... & of course, the minute I did... it took, for a second time, money for something I never received....  I attempted to try & reach someone, which I never was able to get a call back from...  now, I have no add one, yet I'm now receiving more & more adverts...  which was SUPPOSED to be one of the things that I was supposed to get as part of the package I've now paid for TWICE.... the  AD FREE app....  I'm receiving at least 5~6 ads with each & every puzzle I attempt to complete....  :(", 'userName': 'meeshbrand', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 21, 6, 2, 45)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12189056, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to update your review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-03T17:36:17Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 27, 21, 35, 31), 'review': 'This is one of the easiest puzzles to do.  Room to arrange each puzzle piece, and so simple to figure out by clicking onto just the pieces to make the frame then click on the green arrow and bring up the rest of the pieces.  Love it.  Have been using this app for years now and still like it.\n\nDon’t know what’s happened to this game, but it’s just not the same.  The frame moves all over the place, the colored background doesn’t fit the full page, it’s just not as good as it was before.  I use to do a couple of puzzles a day, now days will go by before I’m even interested.  Why they felt they had to mess with something that wasn’t broke is beyond me. Changes were not for the better!!\nOver time, I keep seeing bug fixes have been made, and updates.  My question is what’s with the new “trays” in the upper left corner and why doesn’t the background color fill the entire page?  I have no use for the trays, whatever they are so why add them?   It takes up room for puzzle pieces.  They gave a brief explanation on how to use the trays but makes no sense to me.  I have no use for them.  The only thing I can say that needs to be improved is having the colored background fill the entire page.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Whimpy55', 'title': 'update new review'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 20, 0, 4, 16), 'review': 'I VERY rarely use real money on in-app purchases or gaming apps. This puzzle app is no exception- I have not spent a cent. However, by starting the free daily puzzles everyday, whether I finish them then or not, and by keeping an eye on rotating free puzzles in the store, I have found myself with an extreme surplus of content. Yes, on occasion you watch an ad. But the content creators have to have a way to make money. So for those of us who don’t want to shell out our physical cash, why not pay with 30 seconds of time? It’s not like you have to actually watch the ad- you can set your phone down and get a glass of water if you’re that determined. \n\nThere are definitely puzzles I like more than others, but a hot tip- you can start the daily puzzle as many times as you want in different sizes. So if you really like one, start it a few times, come back in the future, and enjoy varying challenges over a few months! Overall, I love this app, love the puzzles, and appreciate that the creators make it possible to TRULY play it for free, without locking you out after a certain amount of time or puzzles completed. I look forward to continuing to watch ads in order to support your development.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Kittykate249', 'title': 'Great App, even “Free”'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19548457, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for this report. Our development team has released an update that may address this issue. We recommend that you update the application to the latest version. We apologize for the inconvenience and please Contact Us if you run into any other issues. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-04T17:58:01Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 10, 46, 16), 'review': 'Update:November 2020 update keeps crashing! Worked fine for two days and for the last three days i have not been able to open the app. So there is no way to contact customer service. What a waste of what once was the best jigsaw puzzle app. \n\nOlder review for last update:There is a terrible lag in moving the pieces, if you can move them at all. They are thrown off the table when sorted. I had two hidden under the table last night; only found at the end of the puzzle by using the hint button where they popped into view. The puzzle square is only available in the center of the screen. I used to be able to move it the the right edge in portrait view to obtain a larger area to sort my pieces. The pieces seem smaller. I do 624 piece puzzles and had to resort to a magnifying glass at one point last night. There is no longer a snap of the piece into place when it is positioned correctly. Another annoyance: no update should reset your preferred settings. The constant “network unavailable” is ridiculous. And finally, when will you give us the option to delete the background packs we no longer want? Some are so busy that the puzzle pieces are lost. I have had this app for years, paid for the ad free option, and had a lot of enjoyment using it. I have many beautiful puzzles to do but the love is fading with each update. Please heed the complaints and give us a solution to them.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mcdabble', 'title': 'Update! November 2020 Worst update ever!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 25, 0, 8), 'review': "I enjoy this app but have 2 problems with it.  First, if you really want to use it, you will be buying puzzles. Second, there are times when you can't move the puzzle pieces that are outside the play field.  This slows down the play quite a bit and is a frustrating issue which needs to be fixed. \nI don't appreciate games that involve in-app purchases where u cannot play at all unless u buy items.  In this case, you get one puzzle a day free.  If you want more, be prepared to pony up.  The puzzles are nice though.\n  Update to this review:\nAs a long time player of this game, I have to say that the developers are very responsive to any customer problems in using this game and also are always trying to improve the playing experience for them.  There is no longer a problem moving pieces around the board and other improvements have enhanced the puzzle play.  Also, any player will find many interesting puzzle packs to buy and they are frequently on sale.  In addition, they are always adding new puzzles and sometimes asking players what they would like to see for new puzzle packs.  Great game by great people!  Thanks.", 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Hammysam', 'title': 'Fun App with Reservations'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13677733, 'body': 'Thanks for taking the time to share your feedback about our current offerings in the game\'s Store! Player feedback and suggestions play a big role in our development process as we are constantly reevaluating our pricing. If a particular pack that you\'d like is not available for purchase with credits, then please check back at a later time as we\'re always rotating which packs are available. Additionally, there is a "Treasure Box" section of the in-game Store where we display all available packs for purchase using Jigsaw Credits! Please don\'t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any additional feedback or concerns for our team! Thanks again!', 'modified': '2020-02-24T22:44:28Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 18, 4, 9, 13), 'review': 'Excellent concept - take various graphics (pictures, paintings, drawings, etc.), write a program to parse it into puzzle pieces, and voila! hours of relaxing entertainment. Having said that... The trays are unnecessary and annoying. We don’t want the pesky objectives. Quit trying to improve on something elegant, simple and satisfying.\n\nWorst of all, apparently one of the financial wonks found that we were doing too many puzzles, accumulating too many credits, and getting too many free puzzle packs with those credits (especially when they’re on sale!) so now the great “sales” offered require only cash. Again and again and again. They couldn’t just leave it at the challenge of finishing a Gazillion puzzles and getting those paltry 34 credits a pop, then the joy! of shopping for a puzzle pack, on sale, and allowing the use of those credits. Oh sure, every once in a while a puzzle pack, not on sale, and nothing but your one-eyed great aunt would like, will pop up that can be acquired with credits (lots and lots of credits).\n\nCome on mw folks - don’t be so cynical, keep the great sales but let us use credits. We’ll keep coming back for more, and every once in a while we’ll buy a pack we can’t live without and use CASH!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BuckMT', 'title': 'Good, almost great, but...'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16790265, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-21T21:24:31Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 20, 0, 28, 8), 'review': 'I never write reviews, but have become increasing frustrated with the changes to this app. With each update more and more features which made this a very fun app have been removed. Getting to be a very boring, ho hum app! \nThis had been my most favorite game app that is available! I even paid the extra not to have the ads that interrupt my playing. I have completed over 1000 puzzles. I still like the variety of puzzles and the free one each day, which I play for that day and leave until the next free one. It used to be that if you collected enough coins you could use them to get new puzzle pack, but they have eliminated that feature for the most part. Now you must pay cash for almost all addition puzzle.  Occasionally there are puzzles that you can us the coins to get, but they are mostly very unappealing puzzles that no one would buy with money. They have also lowered the number of coins for completed puzzles and no longer tell you how many you can earn for the different number of puzzle pieces you chose, so much of the challenge has been removed and not as much fun to play. The number of objectives not longer very challenging. \nNot sure why anyone would watch any ads to get coins as the coins are useless!  So disappointing to see how this app has been changed from it’s original, and not for the better!', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tom472', 'title': 'Boring!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20510505, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-01-19T18:48:26Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 14, 0, 48, 9), 'review': 'Who was the genius who decided it was a good idea to “update” a popular app to make it less functional and less user friendly? As another review stated, to reduce the number of sorting trays from a barely adequate four to a useless single tray is a strong indication that the developer doesn’t actually understand how users use the app. The idea of multiple sorting trays is that it allows a user to search through smaller subsets of pieces (based on shape or color, etc.) rather than through every unplaced piece of a puzzle. As I typically do puzzles with over 700 pieces, the four trays allow me to search through less than 200 pieces to find the one I’m looking for rather than four times that number. Also noted earlier is the less-functional background color button that now only works in one direction. If you advance too quickly you can overshoot the desired color and have to cycle through all of them again. And what is the benefit derived from these changes? A “cleaner” aesthetic? If developers feel the need to tinker with an app which already has a 4.7/5 rating, then make it <more> user friendly, make it <more> functional, give users <more> options. I’ve been hoping I’d see an update increasing the potential number of trays. But after this update I will be looking for a whole new app. A shame, since I have dozens of puzzles I’ve paid for that I won’t be completing.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dexterex', 'title': 'Terrible Update'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 21, 2, 24, 28), 'review': 'I have used this app for over 4 years and it just keeps getting better and better. I love this App. It helps me pass away the hours of the day as I can\'t get around very much. I love the variety of puzzles to chose from and the prices are very reasonable. It has some easy easy to as hard as you want it. It really is an great app.\nI also like the new selections that you have added with multiple puzzles in each set. I play everyday and sure helps entertain me plus pass the time. Thank you having such a great selection of puzzles and now having the larger number of puzzles in one group.\nUPDATE 2017\nThis is just another little update to my previous review. I love this app. It passes time like nothing else. They have really made a lot of changes for the better in the app. There are a lot of awesome "deals and sales". There is a great variety of puzzles to choose from too. If you\'ve never tried this app you don\'t know what your missing. You can choose the number of pieces per puzzle so you can do really, really easy or way, way hard. I would say you should try this app, you won\'t be disappointed. Thanks for having a great app like this.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BeckL14', 'title': 'Best App EVER'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 15, 6, 4), 'review': 'LOVE everything (except) since my last update, the puzzle pieces including the background moves around while trying to work the puzzle..... when activating the border feature (love) the pieces go all over the place, used to be outside the puzzle border line & pieces go wayyyyy off to the sides & are difficult to get to move into a usable position. Same with then retrieving the rest of the pieces after the boarder is completed...... so annoying ... they go all over the place.. inside the boarder, on the boarder, so far away from the boarder it’s frustrating to try to move them without everything around them popping up.... while the background is also moving..... words like.... annoying & frustrating never used to be in my puzzle time... it’s no longer ZEN.... I still am giving it 5 stars as I have hope it will be returned to an enjoyable experience, plus I don’t like any other puzzle app... I have them all.. only use this one. Hate that it changed... used to be PERFECT‼️ 🧩🧩🧩‼️ PLEASE FIX THESE ISSUES 🙏🏻♥️\nThank you you for giving me the opportunity to vent. I look forward to “MY” puzzle time.. please return to ZEN... 😇', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MEMENTO MARI', 'title': 'MyPuzzleZenTime'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 9449218, 'body': "Thanks for reaching out, jeni868. I am very sorry to hear you're having trouble with the app recognizing your connection. We would like to gather more information from you on this. Please contact us via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and reference MW-647804. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-07-01T21:36:32Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 25, 19, 57, 45), 'review': 'I love this app! I haven’t been able to put a puzzle together in years since I have a toddler who will destroy it first chance he gets. I was so excited to find this app. The puzzles are all beautiful and take a little time to complete. The only issue I’ve had with the app is not being able to see the free daily puzzles. I’ve only been able to get two or three and since then it’s just been loading. Oh well there are plenty of other puzzles to keep me busy!\n\nUpdated review 6/25: \nI still love this app but am finding it difficult. It acts weird when I have my cellular data turned on for it; freezing, closing and the pieces are more difficult to move. When I turn my data off it goes back to normal. I just tried to purchase a puzzle pack on sale with my coins but it keeps saying I don’t have enough coins to purchase it. My guess is it’s trying to make me either purchase it with money or buy with the original coin amount. I don’t understand why they have sales if you can’t actually get them at that amount. Now it’s started telling me to check my network connection every time I try to use my coins. It acts like it will let me buy it with money though. Not a fan of that. If I can’t ever use the coins I will probably move on to another app.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jeni868', 'title': 'Review'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20564111, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with a purchase. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1063332 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-01-21T23:36:03Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 18, 18, 9, 50), 'review': 'I have had this app for many years and absolutely love it.  It is my go to place to destress.  From time to time there are glitches that are usually quickly repaired.  The first thing I do every morning is download my free ‘puzzle of the day’ to work on then, or later in the day, whether I care for the subject or not, I complete every single one.   Bing a senior citizen, it is so good for me and keeps my mind active.  I love it!  \n\nThat said, I purchased a puzzle pack last month, only to find I had already had that puzzle pack in my inventory, for quite some time.  I didn’t remember it as I have purchased so many over the years. At the time of purchase of AMERICANA WINTER, it did not remind me that I already had that puzzle pack, which they have done in the past, but when it downloaded in my game, it appeared, already checked as completed, yet I was still charged the 1.99 plus tax.  The charge just showed up on my credit card, this month.  How can this be rectified?  I am now hesitant to make any additional purchases.  Being a senior citizen, my financial resources are limited and can’t afford to pay twice.  Thank you for your help.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ColoringNerd', 'title': 'Please HELP!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 12, 3, 46, 48), 'review': "I use this app on my iPad2 and have never experienced any technical difficulties. I don't have to sign in each time, I just tap the app and it's ready to go. I do the free puzzle as often as possible.  A new one is offered each day and you can save them to work on later. In addition, your unfinished puzzles are also saved, and you pick up right where you left off, for as long as it takes you to finish. Maneuvering the pieces with my finger is easy and when you get the correct pieces close to each other, they snap together, accompanied by a clicking sound. This allows you to move quite rapidly. The pictures they choose are lovely and there's a great variety. The timing feature is perfect for measuring my progress, because I like to beat my own time. The level I work at is about 196 pieces, I don't rotate them and my best time is 39 minutes. On the lower border, my hand or fingers may inadvertently press on one of the many offers for gameplay, but I simply and quickly tap the X in the corner and it is eliminated. I do this quite automatically now and I'm not bothered by it at all.", 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nymagpie', 'title': "Works My Brain, improves My Concentration & it's Fun!"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 27, 17, 44, 39), 'review': "I used to play this app everyday, multiple times a day but the last few months the app has really declined. I love to listen to music or podcasts & the ads in the app constantly cut out my sound making me have to exit out of the app, pull up my music/podcast app & press play again; every 15-30 seconds. It's beyond annoying & discouraging because I end up stop playing the puzzle app so I can listen to my music/podcast instead. And based off other reviews I don't buy the upgrade for no ads because many ppl have problems with that purchase. Also many times the daily free puzzle doesn't load but is instead just a same picture of M&Ms. On top of that the thumbnails of my current puzzles to play is just the same 3 pictures repeating over & over and are not the actual puzzle to be played. \n\nSo if they can fix the ad sound issues, add a search function, fix the daily puzzles not loading & the current puzzles thumbnails to be the actual puzzle I'd be back to playing the app daily again & rating it 5 stars as it is the best puzzle app out there just has these few issues.", 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'HLynnB8', 'title': 'Used to be amazing - Lots of flaws now'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 11, 58, 1), 'review': 'Generally this is my go to app for downtime.  I play it on my IPAD Pro so that the screen is not too small. It was not enjoyable, for me on a smaller screen as I need reading glasses to play.  I like that there are so many different genres of puzzles.  Something for everyone and for every mood, season and holiday.  I have never had the crash issues that others seem to have.  So it could be service provider or speed.  However, I do agree the trays are an annoyance and just in the way taking up valuable space on a small screen.  I love that one can change the background color to make puzzle pieces more easily seen depending  on colors.  And that the backgrounds can be more soothing on the eyes in contrast to the puzzle pieces. I am not a fan of the new “Clue” series or others like it.  However, I’m sure many are and I can just opt out quickly.  I especially like that one can earn credits to buy new puzzle packs without having to spend money.  I have recommended this to several other who have become as addicted as I.  Thank you for your dedication to continuing to perfect the experience.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Weaveresq', 'title': 'Recommended to others many times'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 17, 7, 15, 33), 'review': 'I have had this game for some time now. It is my favorite puzzle game of all time.  Just when I think it can not get better, they surprise me with an update that does enhance its quality even more.  I enjoy how there are a plethora of puzzle pictures.  Literally there is a option available for all tastes. I love how you can continue to play this game for free indefinitely as there is a free puzzle every day as well as free puzzle packs to play. On top of that there is a place where you can view puzzle packs for a price.  The puzzle packs are very inexpensive and also offer a wide variety of design choices.  Being able to pick how many pieces you want each of your puzzle to be, having the choice to rotate the pieces, being able to pick your background playing tabletop design, and so many other tactical options makes this application superior to the others.  Thank you to the makers of this application for creating such a quality product that allows users to continue to play for free as long as they want or be able to pick packages at reasonable prices if desired.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BWB7', 'title': 'My favorite puzzle game'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 10, 44, 19), 'review': 'I love this app!! It actually is free! You dont have to purchase anything, you get a free puzzle every day. I play this on my iphone. I play nearly every day. Once you finish a puzzle, you earn coins so that you can purchase a puzzle pack. Ive been playing on this app for about 9 months. Some of the reviews complain about the pieces showing a flash when they connect, I happen to like it bc that tells me the pieces are in the right place. It comes in handy for difficult puzzles, since I am playing on a smaller screen. \n A few things I dont like :\n when you use the scatter button, the pieces will scatter beyond the outer edges & when you try to pull them in, especially at the top, the screen tries to come down-super annoying! \nQuit often when pulling or dragging a piece, the screen moves too. I think there is a lock for this, but I haven’t seen it yet. \nI really like the fact that there is truly nothing to buy, but you can if you choose to. I also really like that I can do this puzzle all at once or start it, leave it for a day or two, & then come back to it. So, I can keep occupied or not. Its not timed & there are no levels. I have truly enjoyed this app!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Darkgoddex', 'title': 'Its actually free'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 16, 1, 22, 33), 'review': "Mobilityware let me know that to reduce the data storage that this app uses, delete your completed puzzles. I could not find this at first, but the Completed Puzzles icon is in My Gallery located at the bottom of the home page. They also say you can delete the Trophy room, but I can't find that room on my iPad. It does not appear that they have plans to stop the advertising pop ups. So, I raise my rating to 4 stars. \nThis is a great game. I love puzzles, but Mobilityware has destroyed this app. Or maybe Critical Hit did when they sold out. Either way, I strongly suggest you PLAY the FREE version. DO NOT PURCHASE this app, because you will still get advertising that interrupts your play, but worse than that, they don't control the cache that takes up all your data storage space. Their only solution is to delete all that you have purchased. I haven't purchased so many puzzles that it should be taking 8.4 GB (and growing every day I play) of my data storage. Beware! They should add a feature that removes cache when you reboot! Their only solution is to delete everything I've purchased. Very sad. Does anyone have a suggestion that they can't or won't provide?", 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'TXChick512', 'title': 'Good fun gone bad Update'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 25, 0, 35, 51), 'review': 'I have had this app for years and I have used it a lot. I love it. Just now, though, I am frustrated with the updates I just loaded. The “scatter” function is sending several pieces so far to the edge that it is difficult to grab them to move them without closing the window in error or pulling up the tool bar. Also, the “click” that happens when a piece is locked in place is louder - may be thought to be clearer - but it annoys me. I will continue playing as I love being able to do the puzzles with no lost pieces and no interference from my cats. \n\nSome of the features I like are being able to separate out the edge pieces, scattering pieces out of the center of the desktop, and having a free puzzle offered every day. I like the addition of the coins so that I may earn free puzzle packs. One thing that is a misconnect right now is that if I have done a puzzle which later is in a puzzle pack I download, the app does not recognize that it has been done by me, so I would need to do it again in order to complete the pack. But that is a minor irritation that I will live with.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'labrys35', 'title': 'Updates unsatisfactory.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23931038, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we appreciate you for taking time to update your review with feedback regarding the latest version of the app. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-07-14T17:57:29Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 11, 15, 10, 41), 'review': 'By making coins only useful for “treasure box” crappy puzzles you’ve eliminated any incentive for me to watch any adds at all.  What a stupid move.  I’d watch ads if they translated into coins for ANY pack, even if you made the coin price much more expensive”. \n\nAlso, Sell puzzle packs I’d want to buy. I’m so tired of you repackaging puzzles into new packs or selling packs with only 1/2 the puzzles worth building. For example, I’m particularly interested in Americana puzzles . You sometime re package a puzzle or two which is annoying but your latest attempt with a “best of” tweaked with hideous frames means you have no concept of what Americana fans look for in a puzzle. Also, I have yet to purchase a color pack without half the puzzles being hideous and barely relevant to the theme. The result is I buy fewer packs. I also watch no ads since the coins earned can only be used on your ugliest garbage. What’s the point of collecting the coins then? If you want me to spend money, just give me something worth spending it on. Or reduce your developer budget. You can keep more of your money if you don’t hire developers to “enhance” the app with useless “functionality”. Just make sure the app remains functional as os’ get updated. Keep it simple (and sell packs with nice images) stupid. Stop trying to reinvent the wheel.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'nerico922', 'title': 'Here’s a money making idea'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 29, 17, 32, 1), 'review': 'I think that they charge way too much for the puzzles tbh. There are free ones, but 3,990 coins for a puzzle pack? It would be different if you got more coins for completing a puzzle, but the most you can get is 36 coins for completing a 400 piece puzzle. You’d have to do an awful lot of puzzles just to be able to buy a puzzle pack. You get lots of puzzles in the packs, but maybe dial it down some! I get that they want people to buy coins, but there are plenty of people who can’t. I think that if they want to do better, I’d say to at least give more coins for the puzzles we complete. They have plenty of sales which is good, but they still range anywhere from 900 to 2,000 coins. Maybe add an option where you can just buy a single puzzle with coins? Above that, it’s an amazing game. For a while it wouldn’t let me do the daily free puzzle, but they fixed it. I like how it times you, to. I’m always trying to better my puzzle skills 😂. There’s no time limit, it just sees how long it takes you to complete it. I like that though. But yeah, make some changes with the coins, and you’ll get the fifth star ⭐️. But for now, ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ from me.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PugPuzzler', 'title': 'Coins?!'}, {'review': 'I have enjoyed doing puzzles on theJigsaw Puzzle app  and purchased quite a few packs in the last  two years since I got my I pad. But I do not like their recent changes. It was nice after finishing a puzzle to have the satisfaction of seeing the puzzle large for as long as I chose to look at my finished work. Now they flash it large for a second or two and then it goes small. I feel as though I barely get to focus in on my finished work in the large format! I also liked seeing the name of the puzzle after finishing it but have noticed that is not always there now. I am disappointed in their changes. \n\nI received a response from the makers of Jigsaw Puzzle within 48 hours of my above review. They were very courteous and explained I can see my finished puzzles in a large format and view them for as long as I wish under “completed puzzles” at the Jigsaw Puzzle site I use. Thank you for that information. I checked it and it does work just as you said! I am pleased. I upgrade my evaluation to 5 stars now! I really enjoy your puzzles!🙂. Thank you.', 'userName': 'D.S. in Ohio', 'title': 'Changes in your puzzles', 'developerResponse': {'id': 3286187, 'body': 'Thank you for updating your review. We are always more than willing to assist with issues if a user reaches out to us!\n\nI noticed that in your response you mention that you upgrade your evaluation to 5 stars, however, your review is currently at 2 stars. Was that intentional? If not, then we kindly ask that you change your star rating because that to show other App Store users that they should download our Jigsaw Puzzle game!\n\nThanks for playing!', 'modified': '2018-04-27T18:31:31Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 21, 21, 23, 20), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I had and still do really enjoy this app because jigsaw puzzles were a big family thing when I was growing up. A couple of updates back, maybe the first big update they did in sometime, I ended up with a completely white background. I sent in a question about it and I was told the only way to correct this was probably to unload and then reload the app, but to be very careful which version I chose because if I reloaded the wrong one, I might lose all the puzzles I have purchased. The choices were the free app with advertisements or the paid app with no advertisements. I didn’t pay for my app but I also don’t get any advertisements except for new puzzle packs. Since I buy quite a few puzzles, I’ve been afraid to take a chance on losing some or all of them. The white screen is only a problem when a puzzle has part or all of a white border. I love jigsaw puzzles, though, so I will stay with this app unless an update messes it up so that I can’t comfortably work with it. They put out some good puzzles.', 'userName': 'Lucy Poppy', 'title': 'A couple of updates back', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 22, 17, 47, 37), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': "I recently stumbled onto this and love it! There are many puzzles to choose from and you can choose the number of pieces in the puzzle, so you can increase the difficulty as your skill increases. However, between each puzzle you have to watch a L O N G ad ... I know nothing is free so if you're not spending money you're going to spend some time watching ads, but these ads are much longer than with any other game I play. If the ads were reasonable in length, I would have rated 5 stars.\n\nUPDATE..... the latest update is the best! And the ads don't seem as long as they used to.... maybe I'm just getting used to the rhythm of the ads. Or maybe I've been playing several other jigsaw puzzles to realize that this one is the absolute best! You can change your background, listen to music if you want (I don't) and share your puzzles. Also informative information about the puzzles. If I decide to purchase any jigsaw puzzles .... and I think I'm going to because they are so reasonably priced, it will definitely be this app. I look forward to the new daily puzzle every day. Thanks for the latest improvements!", 'userName': 'keystonekate', 'title': 'Fun! But ads too long!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 2, 21, 17, 25), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Just had a chance to work with the new updates and can’t say I’m too happy.  \nThey changed from having several sorting trays to one tray.  Several trays was better than one.  I like sorting pieces by colors/ sections but this one tray throws them all together so u have to scroll thru them all to find what u want.  It would also be nice if u could change the color of the tray.  The pieces sometimes blend into the tray, making it unworkable. The good about the tray:  u can place it on right or left and, since I’m left handed, I appreciate this choice.  It is definitely more comfortable for me. \nThe options bar has been changed to a bar that takes up a huge portion of the table area, making it hard to sort/organize pieces alongside the puzzle.  It was much better on the bottom and unobtrusive.  \nMy biggest disappointment is that I cannot share puzzles between my 2 iPads.  I actually got the larger one so I could enjoy my puzzles on a larger screen.  Unfortunately, unless I use some Facebook option, I can’t share.  I don’t do Facebook AT ALL, so unless I’m willing to buy all the puzzle packs and download them to my 2nd iPad, it’s not possible for me to even share my purchases, let alone ongoing puzzles...very, very disappointing.', 'userName': 'Mindexercise', 'title': 'It’s good, but not great...', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19352702, 'body': "Thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-11-25T19:04:04Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 21, 46, 58), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Update: family share still doesn’t work. Stopped working a couple years ago!! The new update is good, though it seems a bit buggy, dragging pieces snags the piece about 1/4” away from where your finger touches down.  Strange behaviors like loose pieces layering under snapped in pieces. Minor bugs I’m sure they’ll resolve soon. Really enjoy the token rewards to be used purchasing puzzle packs.\n\nI love this app, have really enjoy playing it on my iPad, for years. Unfortunately, the advertised family share feature used to work and I purchased many puzzles for my children to use under their own child Apple accounts. At some point in the last year family share stopped working.  the developer has been notified nearly a month ago and it is still not resolved.  They say it’s a known bug. It’s been 6 months since I brought it to their attention though and it’s still not resolved.  Seems a bit questionable to me.  Definitely they make more money if family share doesn’t work and each family member has to purchase their own puzzle packs, but then it shouldn’t be advertised as supporting family share.', 'userName': 'SuzWanderer', 'title': 'Warning: Family share doesn’t work and hasn’t for a long time', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 17, 38, 4), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'The latest update just ruined the game. The update took away multiple trays to store puzzle pieces in. This was one of the best features of this puzzle game. Now it is gone and you are limited to only on tray to keep the puzzle pieces in. Anyone who enjoys challenging jigsaw puzzles knows that the best way to finish a puzzle is to first separate the pieces into categories. In fact, I would’ve liked more than 4 trays to organize the puzzle pieces. But now there is only 1 tray. Bad decision. The other horrible change is to the ability to preview the finished puzzle. Where before this latest update you could have the menu to access puzzle play options hidden and with one tap have it be visible without hiding a major part of the puzzle or the pieces trays, now the menu is accessed on the side (instead of the bottom), hides some of the puzzle when it expands, and when you select the completed puzzle preview, you no longer can see the pieces tray. It also takes several additional steps to preview the puzzle and then to remove the preview. I was so looking forward to doing jigsaw puzzles today and have purchased several for this app. But the new “updates” make what once was relaxing, now extremely frustrating. Don’t buy this app. It’s now a waste of money.', 'userName': 'JojoCobol', 'title': 'Latest update ruined this puzzle game!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19329915, 'body': 'Thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:12:52Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 22, 29, 17), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been using this app daily for quite some time now and I love many things about it. I purchased the “no ad” version and have purchased many puzzle packs both with money and with earned credits. Recently, a couple significant differences cannot be ignored and are incredibly disappointing. The first is that only a handful of puzzles can be purchased with credits. Previously a user could purchase almost any puzzle pack with credits. I believe this is unfair, especially for those users who purchased credits! I have also noticed the cash prices of almost all the puzzles have gone up.\n\nThe second is I purchased the “no ad” version of the app. However, for around a week, I was bugged with a pop up trying to entice me to download a word game in exchange for a free puzzle. Call me old school, but it looked like an ad to me! \n\nI love this app and want so much to give it the five stars it deserves but can’t do so until the money grab tactics cease. At the very least, reinstate the option to purchase puzzles with credits. I can’t be the only person who sees through these machinations. Let’s have some respect for the customer!!!!', 'userName': 'Foxy_Girl5', 'title': 'Longtime user - disappointed with recent money grab', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13494200, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Coins. If a pack that you'd like isn't available for Coins, please check back later. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!", 'modified': '2020-02-14T16:42:49Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 1, 46, 43), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'UPDATE:  This issue has finally been resolved and I have added back stars for how much I love this app!\n\nI have been using and loving this app for a few months now. I love puzzles, and this is app is the most realistic I have found to working an actual puzzle.  Because of this, I decided I was willing to spend some money to buy more puzzles, and I NEVER spend money on in-app purchases.  Ever.  But this time I did, and that’s where things went wrong.\n\nMy purchase did not download.  I have been charged, but received no product.  I followed the steps on the FAQ page and still have not been able to acquire what I paid for (or my money back).  I reached out twice in two different places to customer support asking for help.  All I’ve been given is the same instructions that were already on the FAQ page that I had already followed and that did not work for me.  I have not been able to get a response from anyone about my purchase.  I am feeling frustrated and ignored, and I am kicking myself for breaking my no in-app purchase rule.  All I can say is, I am so glad I did not spend a ton of money!', 'userName': 'eelissat', 'title': 'No Customer Support', 'developerResponse': {'id': 9390879, 'body': "Hello eelissat! Thank you for your review! I am very sorry to hear you're having trouble accessing your purchased packs, as well as very sorry to hear you're having trouble getting the answers you need. Our support team is passionate about getting answers for our players. Please reach out via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and reference MW-646646 so we know your inquiry is related to this review. We look forward to helping you get things set right!", 'modified': '2019-06-28T00:21:58Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 27, 14, 49, 5), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have been using this jigsaw puzzle app for a few years now. At first, I only did the free ones but I LOVED it so much, I eventually paid for the app and bought some of the many puzzle packs. (You can even make your own puzzle out of your photos.)\n\nIn the past month or so, it seems the developers thought it a good idea to make some changes... or “upgrades”.  I’m sure the intention was to attract more people to pay for the app. I, however, think they’ve made a terrible mistake. Since their changes have taken effect, the puzzles lag, meaning that it takes too long for the computer to recognize that, yes, I put the correct piece in place. In addition the developers have added goals and a multiple tray feature. The goals can just be ignored and not have it ruin your puzzling experience, but the multiple trays cannot be hidden. I wish I could turn them off completely in settings or somewhere. I don’t need more than one play area, and my pinky accidentally taps it from time to time, slowing me down and causing some real frustration! \n\nIn short, the “upgrades” are more like downgrades, and I hope the developers see this and work to actually improve the lag time and other issues.', 'userName': 'Kikistang', 'title': 'Quirky Upgrades?', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12344421, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry to hear that you're also seeing some issues in the app. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-848956 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-11T18:19:48Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 10, 15, 17, 31), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really do love this game but I can’t give it five stars. We haven’t gotten there yet. This game has been wonderful. It has kept me busy when my patience would not have held out. Still, I have some issues with it. I read in some reviews that there is a way to see the final picture while we are working on it but I can’t figure out how to do that (unless you are clicking out to the main board to see the pic- that wouldn’t get 5 stars either- too many steps and too small) nor have I seen instructions available.  I love that you added tiers because I do like to group my pieces but why can’t you pull a tier down and work within there to put the pieces together? I thought I was getting extra work space, which it isn’t. The one and only time I “emptied” a tier it threw all the pieces all over the ‘tabletop’ and I had to gather them up again- not useful. Lastly, I would like to be able to zoom in on a finished puzzle. All I have found is that it fills up the screen and then goes away. - I haven’t checked out the archive... This game does a lot right. I am thankful for having it available.', 'userName': 'iDoneit', 'title': 'Loving the game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 18, 50, 19), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'This has long been one of my favorite apps for relaxing and winding down at the end of the day – the pictures and subjects of puzzles are diverse, the controls are easy to use, the variety of difficulties are easy to change (when you’re just too tired to really think and only want to zone out watching a pretty picture grow under you hands, versus those days when you really need an engrossing challenge to take your mind off everything else). Two thumbs up, five stars, and yay! Is my rating.\nJust wish there were some way to identify the puzzle pack for the pictures that flood the screen when the app first open.\nGrrrr. Got notice of “developer response,” was hopeful that meant I could find that puzzle pack to purchase... but cannot find the response!\nOne more update - was able to find response (I was looking in wrong place) and now have the puzzle pack I wanted. I really appreciate how Oromo and PERSISTENT the developers were in helping me.  Great app from great company with great customer setvices!', 'userName': 'Laneybelle', 'title': 'Even better since recent update', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14222607, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're very glad to hear that our team was able to assist with your issue. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-24T20:23:40Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 21, 4, 15, 31), 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really love this app and use it almost everyday to pass time during a break between meetings or unwind before bed. I have two issues though that drive nuts. The first issue is that sometimes after choosing a new puzzle and the tile size, an ad will run (which is fine no big deal) however once the ad finishes, it takes me back to the same set up screen. From this screen the only thing I’m able to do is X out and then start all over. After I choose the tile size again and watch another ad, I’m then taken to the puzzle. \n\nThe second (and far more annoying) issue is that sometimes I’ll be doing a puzzle and all of a sudden I’ll be taken to the App Store. I try to switch back to the puzzle but once selected, I’m again taken back to the App Store. The only way to kill this irritating cycle is to close the app then close the App Store and then relaunch Jigsaw. I’m not sure if it only happens on the iPhone X or what the issue is, but it’s wicked annoying. \n\nLastly, and this is just a request not a complaint, I would love a tile option larger than 400 on the iPhone.', 'userName': 'AEQ30', 'title': 'Love it but it’s glitchy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 31, 2, 53, 58), 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I just uploaded the so called “fix for bugs” the other day and what I got was a completely revamped Jigsaw puzzle experience. Nothing, and I mean nothing is the same. And it is absolutely horrible. Let me say why:\n\nFirst of all, I lost my entire library....all the puzzles I was saving to do when I had the time. All gone, including the pack I got for points accumulated, and all the unsolved Daily Puzzles I hadn’t done yet.\n\nThen, the way you do the puzzles has changed.....all the pieces are now lined up, one y one, horizontally at the bottom of a reduced screen of play. No longer can I have my eye roam to pick out specific pieces to place based on shape or color or anything .  So how do I do this? It is a regimented and controlled way of solving puzzles that just might not fit every users own way of doing jigsaws. I have tried it and it is frustrating. And no, I am not opposed to change. But this is not just some change, the entire experience is different. I don’t know about you, but doing a puzzle was relaxing for me and for my mind, allowing me to take my mind off the work I was doing, the stresses I had been experiencing, or to fill up a little bit of time in an easy, fun and uncomplicated way. Can we please please please go back? This is just plain awful.', 'userName': 'curlew10', 'title': 'You destroyed my joy!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18950588, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with your previous purchases. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1007291 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-11-06T22:32:06Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 4, 19, 12, 21), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I have loved his app for a few years now and the minor issues have been tolerable because the ability to complete the puzzle itself hasn’t been affected, until now. I have it 3 stars because of the fact that I’ve enjoyed this game for so long (on various devices) but if I hadn’t had past experience with it I would give it 1 star because the recent updates have only caused more glitches to the point where I have to completely close out the app and wait a few minutes before being able to get back on. My issue now is that during the “Clue” special I’ve almost completed it and am 1 away from solving the whole thing but I updated the app last night and attempted to go on and solve the puzzle only for the game to give me two of the same shape, corner pieces, but both are completely different picture wise, and when trying to do the rest of the edge pieces most of them don’t match up at all making it literally impossible to complete. I’m very frustrated by this and have even started looking for other jigsaw puzzle apps to replace this one.', 'userName': 'rissa-ma', 'title': 'Loved this game but glitches are making it impossible to solve the puzzles', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 14, 15, 34, 43), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I really like this game slo5 it’s just for me too many adds. I’m not aloud to see adds. So this is a problem. I would pay for no adds but I can’t seem to find it. I’ve looked in almost every category in settings or the store.  But ITS NOT THERE. And that really is an issue for me. I know that most people are ok with adds. But I’m not. And just making a suggestion, if you DO have to put adds. Make them about this game, or other games like it by the same creator. I love how Jigsaw Puzzles are hard irl. But it’s to much space everywhere. I like how this is a mobile app. And has more puzzles and new ones every day. The variety is great. I do please hope that you respond to this. I have sadly 😔however had to delete it do to the small issues. I hope that the creators or developers start responding to the comments. Like the suggestion ones. Not just the statements, bc it might help raise the popularity of the app. Others may want to rap one more too. I also ask that you put all good and bad alike responses and the most recent ones, in the first review area. Thank you for the consideration. My best of luck! Hope you can improve these things! 🙃', 'userName': 'Nicknamessuck14', 'title': 'It won’t pay...', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17493571, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-08-25T15:32:22Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 19, 22, 55, 34), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I enjoy doing jigsaw puzzles  (find it a relaxing pastime)  but am rating it 3 (up from two) because There are many features that I like, but the two things I dislike are: When using scatter feature, pieces often scatter to edges of background.  The background and puzzle don’t lock, so playing area often gets larger “by accident”, so have to re-adjust puzzle size several times...The lock feature is on but (perhaps this is for pieces) I like the feature of making image & table larger/smaller, but...Also, I requested common or botanical names be used to ID flora, (I use developers puzzles, not my own, so I can learn) the developer(s) get free puzzles from the web & uses web descriptions (eg: Two Yellow Flowers).  I think this is laziness.  After my complaint, My husband rec’d an email saying this would  be addressed.  It was ignored.  Then he rec’d an email asking to increase his (my) rating.   Please don’t send toyuniverses anymore emails. (I use my husband’s Apple ID in App Store).    Also, in “Best of Europe II” set,  if you use the edge option, the puzzle becomes B&W (red color disappears) in “Red Telephone Booths in Scotland”., a bug\n      Carol C. aka  WoofWoof', 'userName': 'Norm M', 'title': 'updated to three stars', 'developerResponse': {'id': 6662876, 'body': 'Thank you for updating your review. Fortunately, we have a feature located in the in-game Toolbar called the Scroll Lock which will stop your game area from moving around. Please view this link https://bit.ly/2Crz2fn for more info. If you would prefer to not receive any emails for the account that is being used, then there may be an option to unsubscribe from the Settings. Finally, the frame of the puzzle "Red Telephone Booths in Scotland" does not have any color in it. So that means when only Edge Pieces are shown there will not be any pieces with color, making the puzzle appear to only be Black & White.', 'modified': '2019-01-03T17:25:23Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 1, 13, 57, 27), 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I would rate 4.5 for the pre-monopoly version.  I find this latest version really annoying. The trays took a little getting used to but now I find them handy. Now it’s just one tray - so I’m back to sorting pieces on the border area, which is less convenient since I used to be able to move the board up towards the tray I was using instead of dragging the piece across the board. Also the daily puzzle doesn’t automatically refresh after midnight anymore. I actually have to close the app and reopen for it to refresh - what a stupid backwards move. I don’t like the new options arrangement, it was easier to use before.  Like the peek - because options is huge now and covers half the board, I have to close it, look at the picture, then close it.  Before I could leave the options, hit peek, see the picture and hit peek again to close it without having to close options.  I guess you have a lot of people who can’t see well, but I’d rather have the close of a regular view or a magnified view for those need it. I give the new update a thumbs down and would prefer the way it was setup before.  The non- refresh of the daily puzzle is the worst.', 'userName': 'CSUuser', 'title': 'Also vote for change back', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 9, 14, 4), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I’m so tired of getting kicked off of this app. There are times when the app opens but then it kicks me off. There are times when it won’t load at all on my phone. I have problems with it freezing on my iPad. I don’t like how it don’t have the trays anymore. I had to remove the app from my phone and start slicer from the beginning with all of my objectives. I reported the problem to customer service and all they said was I’m sorry this is happen to you and they reported the problem to the app creators. It was a nice app but now it’s just trash with all of the new features and new problems. I DON’T LIKE IT!  It would be nice to have the sorting trays back. I used them with every puzzle I did since they were a new feature to the app. Now they have been taken away which makes things so much harder, especially with the puzzles that I have with more than 100 pieces. If I do a puzzle with 1024 pieces, it takes me much longer to get dome without the trays. Get rid of the ads that are making my iPad freeze and fix whatever the problem is that kicks everyone off of the app. I have put a lot of $$ into those game and now I won’t do that anymore because the constant changes make me want to stay off the app but I love doing puzzles.', 'userName': 'NikkiB13295', 'title': 'TIRED OF CRASHES!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19626133, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for contacting us! Our team is aware that some players are experiencing crashing in the game. We apologize for any inconvenience caused but this issue, and our team is currently working on a solution! Please check the following link for updates about the issue: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/?s=known-issues', 'modified': '2020-12-08T17:52:33Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 4, 3, 4, 53), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'When we first started using this app we purchased numerous packets of beautiful puzzles. Over time awful changes were made to the colors that destroyed the natural beauty. Then a ridiculous tray was added where pieces could be stored. That tray is an awful and unnecessary disturbance we are not permitted to turn off. Additional changes you call “upgrades” have been added over time that take away ones ability to finish the puzzle on our own. Adding features that finish the puzzle absolutely ruin the entire experience, regardless of how many sparkly little lights you include. The puzzles used to provide the geographic locations of the scene, but now most don’t even say what country they’re in. And often times the titles have ridiculous mistakes, like calling an elk a moose, as though we’re all too stupid to know one from the other. You’ve completely ruined the experience. If I could get a refund on my purchases I would abandon this nonsense tomorrow. If I could turn off the added features and go back to the true, unenhanced, colors our review would be completely different.\n\n**I received a message from the developer that the tray is now removable but they completely ignored everything else I reported.**', 'userName': 'RetiredWarrior', 'title': 'Most New Changes Have Ruined This App', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17679515, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We've listened to player feedback and have added the option to hide the trays feature. Please open the in-game Settings and scroll to the very bottom to locate this option. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-09-03T21:08:04Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 4, 3, 17, 37), 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': True}, {'review': 'I’ve had this app for over a year and play it a lot. Love the puzzles and variety of pictures.  I like the most difficult 400 piece puzzle... challenging but fun!  For me, this was a 4-5 star app but now it’s a 2 and that’s generous!  A few days ago when I opened this app, there was a notice that a few “upgrades” had been done along with a few “fixes”.  Well whatever these upgrades and fixes were, they need to be UNDONE! This has become the most irritating game I have.  The pieces are very difficult to move now.  If you don’t touch them exactly right (not sure how that is because it seems to change), your entire picture moves as if that piece had been locked into place.  And it’s now very difficult to actually move the piece into the correct place and have it lock in.  This so-called fix has made it so frustrating it’s not enjoyable anymore. I spend way too much time moving the entire puzzle back to the center of the screen because it’s been pulled over when I’ve tried to move one piece...which happens with almost every piece I try to move.  If this can’t be fixed or undone, I’ll have to give up the app.  Too bad...it was one of my favorites.', 'userName': 'Js Daughter', 'title': 'Undo the “fixes”', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 14, 55, 46), 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great App!', 'review': 'I have had this app for quite a while now and really enjoy it. I like that you can make the puzzles more difficult by selecting the piece rotation before you build your puzzle but I wish this would work in reverse after you have already started a puzzle. I took my own photo, an upgrade that allows for unlimited puzzles which is great, however the picture I chose is very difficult, I have invested hours and hours trying to complete it, and I am getting very frustrated. If I could shut off the piece rotation I would be more likely to try to finish the puzzle. As things are now, I never will.\n\nPuzzles available for purchase are reasonably priced and there is a lot of variety. The upgrade to take my own pictures was too. World of Color collections are great! Some collections have too few puzzles in them, I usually download only those with more puzzles.\n\nA recent upgrade making it easy to find the edge pieces is wonderful! \n\nThe background option is really nice too, so you can change backgrounds based on the colors in the puzzle for contrast. However, I find I use mostly a few select backgrounds as they work well with most puzzles.\n\n Another thing I would like to see is to be able to move "piles." When I sort based on matching pieces it would be great if I could move a whole pile to one side of the board before laying them out rather than having to move each piece one at a time. \n\nThanks for a relaxing, enjoyable puzzle app with many choices available!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 15, 2, 57, 55), 'userName': 'IPTFAN', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Bad update', 'review': 'Edit Summer 2019: I followed the recommendation to update the iPad operating software and it helped some but still overheats the iPad. I found a solution by accident while traveling, though. If I put it in airplane mode while playing the puzzle, it runs smoothly and doesn’t overheat. So I am increasing the score from 3 to 4 stars.\n\nThe spring 2019 update has made the game unplayable on my iPad mini 2. It is now slow and jerky, overheats my device, and crashes occasionally. Whatever updates were made are too processor intensive. The two I noticed are: improving the rotation point of the piece, and improving the scatter function to reduce overlap. Both are great ideas, but not if I can no longer play. \n\nIt’s a shame because I did like the game. There is a free daily puzzle. You can cut the puzzle into between 4 and 1000 pieces. You can opt to have piece rotation on or off. The puzzle functions are easy and natural. You can earn points by completing puzzles, which can be spent on new puzzle packs. I usually did 400 piece puzzles with rotation on, to maximize the points earned.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 9235809, 'body': "Hi Pilitinamiao, Thanks for taking the time to share your feedback and leave a review. The last thing we want to hear is that you're not having a good game experience anymore, so we'd like to do what we can to help! If you haven't already, please open the game Settings, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your unique ID MW-609819. This will let our Technical Support team get the information that they need to more accurately assist you. Hopefully, we can get this issue fixed for you soon so you can get back to enjoying the game!", 'modified': '2019-06-18T21:34:35Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 14, 15, 50, 9), 'userName': 'Pilitinamiao', 'isEdited': True}, {'title': 'Downloaded Puzzles not opening up', 'review': 'l am super disappointed. Everyone knows how long it takes to get 4,000 coins to be able to finally download puzzles you are anxious to play if you don’t purchase them. l finally got over 4,000 + coins & ended up downloading Two Puzzle Packs that were on sale World of Color V, and “Colorful Cocktails.” The World of color V pack downloaded just fine to my puzzles and l am able to play it. \nHowever, l downloaded the “Colorful Cocktail,” puzzle pack and it says its downloaded and (Tap to open to play) but it will not open. l have tried several times now. Even by shutting down the app entirely and re-opening it and it still will not open but says it is downloaded to my puzzles. I am super irritated that l just spent an extra 1,990 coins on this Colorful Cocktail puzzle pack that refuses to open!! This is the first time this has happened to me, but it’s ridiculous that l cannot open the puzzle pack that l just spent pretty much the rest of my coins on! \nNow what am l supposed to do if l can’t trust all puzzle packs to actually download to my puzzles correctly; where they may not open up when spending my coins on them????! My rating because of that just dropped drastically...', 'developerResponse': {'id': 8690332, 'body': "Hello elisexclusive! Thank you for leaving us a review! I am deeply sorry to hear you're having trouble with these purchased packs. We would love to help you address these issues you're encountering! Please contact our friendly Support team via Game Settings, Help & Settings, Contact Us and leave a brief description of your issue - as well as reference MW-533957 and we'll be happy to help you get to the bottom of this! We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-05-15T21:14:59Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 9, 15, 51, 51), 'userName': 'elisexclusive', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Free coins', 'review': 'When I did my first puzzle today I got a message that said if I buy any puzzle pack I would get some free coins. I purchased a puzzle pack but b4 I touched claim prize it disappeared and I didn’t get my free coins. I dont plan on purchasing anymore puzzle packs until I get my free coins. I feel like I have been ripped off.\n2nd request\nIt’s really too bad you can’t take the time to satisfy a customer by replying to their issue. I won’t delete the game bcuz I have too much invested in puzzles but I will not buy anymore puzzle packs and get involved in your special games. “Thanks so much for being swell in your replies to customer reviews”.\n3rd review when I signed in today I saw the ad again that said buy any puzzle pack and get 500 free coins. Be very leery of this. I am still waiting on my free coins from last time. To be honest I wouldn’t have have bought any puzzle pack bcuz I only did it to get free coins. As of today I can’t get a reply from the programmer of this game. Guess they don’t like negative reviews.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18240239, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're continuing to have trouble with this feature. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-990736 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-10-02T20:05:11Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 29, 20, 3, 38), 'userName': 'La Deb', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'LOVE IT!!', 'review': "UPDATE:  December 21, 2019 This app can do no wrong!  I’ve had this app for 3 years, and I absolutely love it!  I love all the additions that they have added, especially the search option.  And you can earn tokens which you can use to get more puzzle packs.  The variety of puzzles are endless!  Just try it, and you’ll be hooked.  \n\nORGINAL REVIEW: I have no complaints.  Puzzle selection is amazing, and I love being able to choose how many pieces I want for my puzzles. I would like to be able to have a favorite/💛/ available for themes I'd like to purchase.  There are so many choices, it would make it easier so I wouldn't have to start shopping all over again. I just can't remember all the ones I like.  And maybe a suggestion area to submit puzzle theme ideas, which I would love to see Drive Inn movie theme.  Old speakers, movie screen, cars parked at speakers, old Woody Wood pecker cartoons, and my favorite, the classic old intermission commercials with hot dog and bun, clock counting down with family getting snacks etc.", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 21, 23, 25, 22), 'userName': 'Housebunny1598', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fun but... ( I formally remove "but...")', 'review': 'I enjoy working the puzzles. It sparks my creativity. Unfortunately, when finished, I hate to discard them. This stems from my experience in Architecture class where I wanted to keep my project while everyone else enjoyed destroying theirs. \nUpdate: I discovered the page that shows all the puzzles I have completed, so I get to keep them after all. I have a friend of Polish descent, so I send him the ones of Poland that I complete. The only problem I have is I have to write down the location pictured before I work the puzzle.\n2nd update:\nI also work another puzzle that has the pieces at the side to scroll through. Those pieces are too small to see the detail. I prefer this setup with space to arrange most if not all of the pieces on the workspace to the sides. Sometimes, after finishing the border, I put together groups until they can connect to the border. All the pieces remain the same size regardless of their location. The flashing is not necessary but it confirms proper location.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 27, 9, 44, 43), 'userName': 'PWhitJr', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Pretty Good', 'review': 'Overall, this app is like having a regular, old-fashioned picture puzzle anywhere you go.  But sometimes, it’s hard to get pieces to move - it may take several tries to pick up a piece to move it.  And trying to zoom sometimes moves pieces instead, as also can happen while trying to scroll while zoomed in.  Or the wrong piece will get grabbed occasionally.\n\nBut it’s nice to be able to toggle between number of pieces in a puzzle; it’s your choice as to how difficult a puzzle is to put back together.  And the option to maintain the piece orientation is nice - being on a smartphone means a small screen, and it can take a lot of time just to sort pieces or scroll-drag-scroll-drag a piece while zoomed in, so smaller/more pieces means extra effort and time.  For such things, it would be nice to be able to “hold” a piece while you move it from one side of the puzzle to the other while zoomed in.  Also nice to have would be a draggable tray to gather a type/color/whatever pieces in.\n\nIt’s still hard to stop work on a puzzle once you start, tho!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 29, 8, 18, 6), 'userName': 'LeoFlash', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Terrible User-Interface', 'review': 'This app drives me nuts with its awful detection of where I’m touching the screen. It is CONSTANTLY grabbing the wrong pieces, selecting pieces far away from where my finger is actually touching the screen. It also gets “stuck” in a pan mode (scrolling the puzzle instead of moving a piece) which is absolutely obnoxious! Very frustrating user-interface!! There is a LOT of lag caused by a constantly updating ad banner, and the app is a MAJOR battery hog draining your device down to zero in less time than it takes to complete a 400-piece puzzle (about 25 minutes for me). And forget about temporarily switching to a different app or taking a call - the app crashes whenever it loses focus. Seriously. (And this is AFTER the “bug fixes” update!) Also, ever since the last “update”, the app is HORRENDOUSLY SLOW, all graphics reduced in size, and Objectives is always “not available”. It seems like just blunder after blunder with this software. (Maybe coded by ex-Apple employees?) There are WAY too many ads, freeze-ups, and crashes to rate anything higher than one star. If the performance issues aren’t resolved within 30 days (plenty of time for competent programmers) I will be deleting the app.\n\nUpdate: Deleted the app - it is AWFUL!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 7303226, 'body': "Hi there, \n\nWe're sorry to hear you're experiencing some hiccups with our game. Our team would love to offer a helping hand. However, we ask that you Contact Us in-game Settings and select Support. Through this we can get more details to efficiently assist you!", 'modified': '2019-02-14T22:24:38Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 12, 13, 54, 6), 'userName': 'CAD Programmer', 'isEdited': True}, {'title': 'Great, but needs a couple more fixes...', 'review': 'I really enjoy this app, and spend quality time doing the puzzles.  Since the number of pieces was increased (which I really liked) there needs to be a way to select more in-between options in the higher counts. Right now, it makes huge jumps in the count, such as from from 400 to 625. I have done a couple of the 625 and 900, but I would really like more choices in these ranges. I chose a 900 count for a picture with great detail, and got really frustrated, it was just too much. Would love to have counts for 450, 500, 550, 600, etc going up to your max.  \n\nAlso the hint button is a very nice improvement, but it would be better if it just put the piece into the puzzle, and not have the two step process. Also would like a function in which if you hold down the hint button, it places pieces sequentially, and is easy to control, like on another PC jigsaw puzzle program I have. This way, when I regret choosing a 900 piece puzzle, I can speed up the hints! \n\nThank you for improving the app and listening to my suggestions.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 7, 4, 44, 39), 'userName': 'Puzzler80202', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Beautifully done', 'review': 'Update: the new “Tray” feature is is a huge success! I love being able to create a tray to move specific pieces or store them out of the way temporarily! What a clever enhancement. I would like to make the background of each tray a neutral gray, though. As any artist knows the surrounding color changes your perception of a central color. That is why I always use a flat neutral gray as my ground/table color. The colored background in the trays makes it harder to select the proper color. Please give us that choice.\n\nI tried another jigsaw puzzle first and rejected it. This is the second one I have tried and it is a keeper. You can have the reference photo open and move pieces at the same time. It has a pause button. The shapes of the pieces vary from puzzle to puzzle. The photos are beautiful and interesting. The only thing that I could suggest to enhance the game more would be to give a caption to the nature photos so we know what animal, city, castle, flower, or place is being shown. Enjoy this.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13471770, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for leaving a review. We appreciate you taking the time to leave a thoughtful review and are happy to hear that you're enjoying the new feature. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-13T17:32:13Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 21, 16, 52), 'userName': 'Nothappydisappointed', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'very soothing', 'review': "this is the only jigsaw puzzle i currently play. it offers discounted puzzle packs, and there's a free puzzle every day. there are only 2 things about it that i find annoying. first, the whole board shifts sometimes when you're just trying to move a piece - crazy awful. the other is that you're limited to up to 400 pieces, which is challenging enough, but it would be nice to try 500 or even 1,000 pieces from time to time. overall, though, a decent app, and can be totally free if you're inclined. oh! it also has music and soothing sounds, or not.\n\nUpdate 8/20 \n\nHave tried the new sorting trays. Not a fan, but can be useful. Too bad if you go to grab a piece & make a new tray by mistake, grrrr. Still terribly annoying to try to move a piece and end up moving the whole board. I’m sure there is a way to have board move with 2 fingers, and move piece wIth 1 finger!! When pieces scatter, they’re often off so far to the edges you can’t see them. In spite of these issues (which I’m sure can be easily fixed!!) I still give this 4 out of 5.", 'developerResponse': {'id': 16538090, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We've listened to player feedback and have added the option to hide the trays feature. Please open the in-game Settings and scroll to the very bottom to locate this option. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-10T15:09:23Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 4, 20, 5, 24), 'userName': 'tatoland', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ads becoming a problem but...', 'review': 'First of all I just want to say that I love your game. It has brought me many moments of calm and entertainment especially during the times we are living in right now. I am a writer singer Musician and I have even written little stories to go with some of the puzzles because I have been inspired to do so. But even provide me with a creative outlet which I need right now in these times. So I really do thank you so much for your puzzle game .              Only thing that I want to say besides that is that the ads are becoming a real nuisance. I understand that the ads are one of the reasons that you can make your game and keep it going and all that. I have bought many puzzle packs and now ads are popping up while I am working the puzzle. This is killing the calmness so either please consider pulling back on the ads or giving a fee to remove the ads. I would gladly pay a reasonable price to not have so many ads.\n\nThank you in advance for your consideration.\n\nLM', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18240213, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! There is an optional Premium Upgrade available from the main screen of the app that, among other things, removes in-game third-party advertising. If you have any questions about it, please Contact Us from within the app's Settings menu. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-10-02T20:02:23Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 29, 14, 11, 49), 'userName': 'Luna803', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Ms JAS', 'review': 'I have been working ur puzzles for four years. Love them. But today us the first time I have had the request to buy free ads and the first time I have had to out up with ads. Just wondering what the deal us ????  Why after 4 years am I getting thus stuff.  Not a happy camper !!!\n Oct 28\n    I went ahead and bought the 4.99 package deal that said I would have 3 groups of puzzles and no ads.  But now all my puzzle that I had out there , that I had already bought, have all disappeared  and all I have now is the three that came with the buying of the so called freeing of the ads.  Where did my puzzles go. What is going on. Loved doing my puzzles but am not happy that the ones I already purchased  and have not worked r gone. Also the area that tells u if u have tried\n different size puzzles has all disappeared also. Not happy.  I hate to have to quit working the puzzles but I want my puzzles back that  I have  already spent money on. Would appreciate some kind of answer ,', 'developerResponse': {'id': 5766780, 'body': 'Hello Hit-the-ball,\n\nWe would like to get this issue fixed as soon as possible so that you can get back to completing puzzles! Please open the game Settings, select Help & Support and then Contact Us so that our team can get more information. We hope to hear from you soon!', 'modified': '2018-11-01T19:44:54Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 28, 6, 45, 24), 'userName': 'Hit-the-ball', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Back to the best!', 'review': '***I’m updating my review. The makers of the game quickly responded to the complaints about an update. They did another update today and fixed the problems. Thanks for listening!!! I’m so happy!! This really is the best puzzle game. I’ve played them all. I kept coming back to this one. You get a free puzzle daily. I love the puzzle pack choices, the layout, and functionality. If you love jigsaw puzzles, this is the app to get! \n\nI’m so not loving the latest update. I find myself getting super frustrated and just having to take a break. The fluidity of moving the puzzle pieces has changed. The pieces are hard to grab and move to the right place. I try to grab a piece and the board moves around. This app has gone from a relaxing, enjoyable one to one that raises my blood pressure. Why fix something if it wasn’t broken? I just purchased several packs a couple of weeks ago. Bummer! Please consider changes things back. 🙏🏻 Before the update, I would’ve given 5 stars.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 20, 16, 47, 55), 'userName': 'clbo1973', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love it!', 'review': "The pieces fit together nicely, and they click into place, when you've matched them correctly. If you get stuck, there's the ability to check what the finished puzzle looks like. It's also nice that you can determine how many pieces your puzzle will have, as well as the size of each piece.\n\nI do a puzzle every day. The 121-piece puzzle is just the right size for me, as it's a bit of a challenge, but it doesn't take forever to complete. I wish there were more free puzzles, however, as over time, I've completed all of the free ones and simply cannot afford to purchase any.\n\nMostly, there's a good mix of puzzles, but I wish there were fewer of the western landscape..... adding New England, New York, Hawaii, Texas, and Florida scenery would give it a more balanced mix. If you miss the daily puzzle, you can't get it the next day. Also, I really dislike the sorting trays, but it's totally impossible to remove all of them! Those are the reasons I give it four stars instead of five, though. LOVE this puzzle; definitely my favorite! Don't miss it!", 'developerResponse': {'id': 13087148, 'body': 'Thank you very much for your feedback. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again for your review!', 'modified': '2020-01-23T19:35:30Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 22, 22, 1, 10), 'userName': 'Sox lover 121', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'If it ain’t broke....', 'review': 'I reviewed before and gave 5 stars, after trying several puzzle apps, I decided this was the best.  Eventually I bought the enhanced version, mostly to get rid of the flashing ads, but the other features were good as well, especially background options.  Anyway I was happily puzzling away, probably more than I should, until the last update which scatters the pieces more evenly.  Great idea, but...a bunch of them end up under the control bar, and have to be moved out.  That’s okay I guess, I usually just do it right away as I begin to sort.  What’s been lost here is the ability to rescatter as I am working, without losing the sorting, because pieces just fly all over and back out to the edges instead of just clearing the frame and staying in relatively the same order that they were.  Anyway, I just never use that feature after the first scatter unless I have almost everything nailed down. I hope I have described the problem clearly and that there may be a way to fix it, or return to the previous method.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 14, 23, 34, 36), 'userName': '@45fgb', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Simply the best puzzle app!', 'review': 'I’ve used this app for years with very satisfying results. I consider myself lucky because I haven’t experienced the same problems others report. Whenever things feel a little off I know it’s either time to update the app or my iOS. I knew it was time to retire my old iPad when the program crashed at start-up. I admit that I’ve enjoyed the upgrades along the way and can’t wait to see what’s ahead. \n\nI have one request, please make a school-friendly version. As a special education teacher I have found puzzles to be calming while still challenging. It’s affirming for kids who have good special skills and it helps develop skills for students who have need to need help calming down, have anxiety or have spatial challenges. Our district has a 1:1 iPad environment but I can’t download the app because of the ads on the free version and the in-app purchases. A school version would help many many students and create life-long puzzle lovers.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23531404, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-22T21:45:21Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 4, 10, 49), 'userName': 'SCCB', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fun App', 'review': 'I like this puzzle app better than others I\'ve tried. You can do your border first; then bring in the other pieces (if that\'s the way you work).  Rather than having the pieces in a column on the side that you have to scroll through, you can organize them around your "board".  I had been doing these puzzles for months and months and achieved almost all the trophies and the app just quit.  I recently reinstalled it and had to start again.  Beautiful pictures!\n\nOct., 2017-  this newest version is great.  It scatters your pieces in a much more defined area.  You can actually get all the pieces for the 1,000+ piece puzzle on the screen at one time. At this time I don\'t know if my iPad is slowing things down or if it\'s the app, but now I have to click the app repeatedly to try to open it.  It\'s getting very frustrating.  The pictures are lovely-beautiful colors, lovely landscapes, fabulous art work.  The app counts the time that it takes you to complete the puzzle.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 27, 4, 11, 2), 'userName': 'Nlbbr', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Newest update hurt it - Issues resolved!', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this for 5 years. Best puzzle app I’ve found. Until the recent update. Every piece feels like it’s stuck. Hard to move. The whole background is constantly shifting when trying to move a piece. Takes 3x as long to complete a puzzle. Very, very frustrating. Not playing as often because it’s to difficult to move pieces across the board.\n\nUpdate Nov 14, 2019\nWow. Another update, more problems. This is the 4th time in a couple days where I completed a puzzle. It’s done, went away. Next time I open the app that puzzle is sitting there, half completed. Why? Also, once a connection is made, for a few seconds the puzzle freezes. Can’t move a thing, except the board. Please stop doing updates. Every time something is fixed, it screws up something else. Just as we adjust to issues, we have to try adjusting to new ones. Leave things alone, please\n\nNov 15\nI want to be clear, I love this app. Best puzzle app I’ve ever played. I have 2 other puzzle apps and rarely open them. It would just be nice to not have to redo a puzzle that’s already been completed. This ONE issue needs corrected. Please. It’s the worst bug this game has had\n\nDec 6\nShout out to the developers! They’ve worked very hard with me on these issues, and have corrected them! I am so very grateful as I love this puzzle app and can continue solving puzzles. So thank you. You’ve proven that you care about our concerns!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12298418, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're glad to hear that our Support Team was able to assist you with your issues. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-09T16:47:58Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 7, 2, 33, 56), 'userName': 'SteelCityUno', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle: ENTERTAINING', 'review': 'A great app for children of all ages. A huge variety of levels which means that just one puzzle can be played by many people. There are a variety of puzzles and even an opportunity to have free ones as well. One flaw is the moving of the pieces to the edge of the screen. I like the pieces on the edges. Shrinking the puzzle to move the pieces to the edges is a start. However, even doing this, the pieces still result in a pile. It would be nice to have them be individual and apart. Further, getting the pieces to the edge counts as time used, rather than starting once the pieces have been moved. A minor point, but fixable. It is especially important if using one puzzle as a contest for time completion. Another minor problem is the freezing. Try to move a puzzle piece and it freezes. A problem only in thinking the piece is in place, or it jumps to another part of the puzzle. Again, a time issue if using the puzzle as a game for multiple players. A great mental activity and great puzzles to play, especially the daily free puzzle.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 1, 15, 52, 18), 'userName': 'Aquaman1066', 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Happy user', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 30, 22, 44, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is where I spend most of my time...on my iPad doing jigsaw puzzles.  There are so many puzzle packs to choose from and very reasonably priced.  Also one can always go back and restore puzzles packs purchased and completed in the past.  I have a set of procedures or steps I have developed.  I now  enjoy working with puzzles broken into 400 pieces. When I started it was 169 pieces I chose. Other things I like:  the stability of the app.  If I have to stop quickly, I just close up my iPad and the app holds things just as I left them.  I can get close easily and also go to a more distant view.  One can always bring up the puzzle picture being working on. Recently they added a “show me where the piece is that fits here” function, although I rarely use it.  It works well.  The main thing is there is a big and varied library of puzzle packs to choose from. One can have several packs active, allowing working with whatever is the taste of the day.', 'userName': 'Feebster37'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fun game. Amazing support.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 11, 5, 1, 14), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'First, I played the free version for a bit. The ads are not annoying and don’t normally pop up mid puzzle. I only had that happen once on one that was taking me a long time. Easy enough to earn coins to buy more puzzles without using money. I did have a hiccup with free puzzles and support was extremely fast at fixing the issue. \n\nI then upgraded to no ads. Plenty of bonus puzzles for the upgrade. However, I hit a weird bug shortly after upgrading. Support is once again amazing. This only adds to the enjoyment. If you do have a rare issue, I’ve had 2 and I’ve been playing longer than I can remember, it’s nice to know that support will bend over backwards to fix the issue so the game does not become too frustrating to play. I’ve played a ton of these games. This is by far my favorite. The many size and rotation options can keep you busy with just the free puzzles that get offered on a regular basis for a long time.', 'userName': 'Alycion'}, {'rating': 2, 'title': 'Update hurt playability', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 13, 14, 28, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been playing for several months and really liked the app. The puzzles are beautiful and there’s a wide variety to choose from. However this most recent update has hurt playability tremendously. The pieces are difficult to pick and move now. Also the size of the board has changed. There is very little space around the outside of the puzzle to see extra pieces, and when you scatter pieces at the beginning they are almost completely off the screen. We need better control over the board size and orientation. When you select Full Size board and Large playing area, you cannot play in landscape mode. The way the board behaved before the update was fine, but the update broke it. You also need to lock the board down now to prevent it from moving, because the pieces are so hard to pick up it usually misses the piece and moves the board instead, which is maddening. Lastly, the Rate This App link doesn’t work in the game; I had to come directly to the App Store to rate. Hopefully these bugs will be ironed out soon. Until then, I give it 2 stars for being so frustrating to play.', 'userName': 'ringocat22mlb'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21404808, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-03-02T18:43:12Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Could be 5 stars', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 26, 16, 8, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been working puzzles on this app as long as I’ve had an iPad. I loved when I’m in an area without wifi as I can still do a puzzle. And I always do the hardest version...always a challenge. Over the years I’ve seen good changes and not so good ones but I usually don’t say much as you seem to update eventually. And obviously, I’ve collected many coins. Not that long ago you finally offered a way to spend some coins...aside from an occasional puzzle pack.  You had a photo of the completed puzzle I could purchase and use as an additional way to get hints to finish, as it appeared on the table as a transparency of sorts. It was nice as you could turn it on and off while working a puzzle so you didn’t always have to get the hints. What happened to it? I enjoyed using it since i usually work the most pieces one can pick. Sometimes a puzzle would take me weeks to finish. Now I have to keep clicking on the peek option only to have it so small, I can barely see what I’m looking for.', 'userName': 'Kathy 9s'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great fun', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 13, 20, 47, 54), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I originally thought jigsaw puzzles on an iPad-what fun would that be?! But I tried it at my sisters recommendation & I have to say it’s great fun. It’s both challenging & rewarding especially with all the objectives to complete. The only downside is when you play a puzzle with a lot of pieces, the pieces are so small that you can’t really see them underneath your fingertip, so it’s hard & frustrating to seat them, but that’s only with a few of the puzzles. There are a huge number of puzzle packs to choose from & often on sale for very cheap($0.99 for 14-34 puzzles), but if you don’t ever want to pay, there is a free puzzle every day from a different puzzle pack. I have quite a few puzzle packs, but still play the free puzzle if it intrigues me. You can have multiple puzzles going at once so that’s another great feature. It’s a great app for killing time while flying on a plane & I would recommend it to anyone that likes jigsaw puzzles even just a little bit.', 'userName': 'Umphphreak6'}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'I’m a Jigsaw Puzzle JUNKIE!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 28, 2, 53, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Seriously, I lay awake after midnight so I can pounce on next day’s puzzle and, way too frequently, complete it before nodding off. I’ve purchased several packages I just had to have.  Sometimes I have 400-piece puzzles on my board to play with when I’ve finished the daily offering. I also like the fact that you can have several puzzles going at a time. I’ve had as many as six. It’s my guilty pleasure. \n\nI’ve been a bit disappointed recently. In the beginning you could buy almost any puzzle pack with coins as well as cash. Right now I have 10,000+ points and can find nothing worth spending them on. They do make it easy to earn points with their various games, which are fun, but still...\n\nFinally there’s the objectives. Little boxes that pop up after you finish a game. Unfortunately once you’ve actually made some progress, it suddenly stops counting and makes you start all over again. I’d rather they spend time fixing this instead of making glittery last pieces.', 'userName': 'bitbybit-puttingittogether..'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love them.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 8, 11, 49, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I want to update my previous review (below).  It’s now much easier to accumulate coins than before and I love seeing my stock pile grow.  When I use up most of the packs I have open I’ll get several more. I already have my eye on the ones I want. To accumulate coins all I have to do is watch a short ad. I know the ads annoy some people but they only take a few seconds to watch. Besides, I get puzzle packs for free and someone has to pay for the app.  Thank you. \n\nI love doing these puzzles and look forward to my free daily offering as well as the ones I purchase. I especially like the opportunity to claim additional coins by watching ads. It makes me do puzzles several times each day, and I use the coins to buy more puzzle packs. At first I was a bit put off by the fact that the pieces were all jumbled up together and I couldn't see them all, but after a short while I got used to it and just regard separating them as a fun task.", 'userName': 'PNG518'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19547016, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-04T16:06:34Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'New update changes for the worst', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 13, 48, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I came here to look for reviews for ad-free purchase. I was going to pay for this game that I’ve been happily playing for years. I wish I’d read the reviews for the update before I installed it. I’ve played pretty much every other jigsaw game in the App Store and chose this one for a variety of reasons. Including the sorting trays which were a great addition a few updates ago. This new update puts all the pieces in a single tray so now this game looks like all the other crappy jigsaw games. The control panel is on the side now and too big as well. The last update increased the amount of ads and that was almost intolerable but I was willing to slog through them to play the fun game. It also decreased the number of packs available to purchase with “coins”. Again, willing to overlook it but now there’s no reason to stick with this game. There’s nothing that sets it apart from all the others. I will have to look for another game to spend my time with if this isn’t put back the way it was before this update. Please, pay attention to your reviews. You are about to lose a lot of loyal followers.', 'userName': 'GeneSplicer'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love puzzles', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 27, 23, 44, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I do many puzzles a year.  Puzzles from 500 pieces to 4000 pieces.  Found this app online and within minutes of playing the free version, ended up buying the premium version!  I love that you can make your own photo pics!  Can you please make boards that we can place pieces by color on them, and be able to move the boards on and off the screen?  It would make it easier to do puzzles with more than 200 pieces.  Thanks for the cool game!  👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼 they've made all my wishes come true with this last update.  I love how your own puzzle pictures now show without the lines after completion of the puzzle.  Separating the end pieces and then being able to scatter the remaining pieces is a wonderful time consuming chore that isn't a pain to do now.  One click of a button and it's done!!!  Thanks for the best ever puzzle maker game!!!  I play everyday and am here around 4 hours or more a day!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️", 'userName': 'Lutee'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'best puzzle app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 8, 26, 22, 38, 32), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Below is my original review. Just wanted to say that I love the new version. Looks much better, new features are super. As I said earlier, the only thing missing is the time it took appearing next to the number of pieces of a puzzle that was done.\n\nGreat app. I particularly like that the image can be enlarged and shrunk while working on the iPad something not available on all puzzle apps. Free daily puzzle and many free small puzzle packages are bonuses, as is the end of the year Gift Package. If you don't have time to do the daily puzzle on a particular day, choose it and do one piece and it will be kept in the app. It is possible to choose it more than once, for instance if you want to do it with two different number of pieces. When a puzzle has been done, there is a check mark, but it can be repeated any time. The only thing I would like to see is added is to display the time it took to do a puzzle that has been completed.", 'userName': 'Retired Floridian'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best puzzle app ever', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 21, 21, 19, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have tried every app for puzzles and I chose this app at least 5 years ago.  I have completed so many puzzles.  What I think sets this app apart are the myriad of art genres  offered as well as the capabilities within a puzzle.  My favorite is the extended background so that I can select the most complex puzzle and still separate all the pieces to see them which is great.  I also like the points I earn each time I complete a puzzle so I can purchase more using points.  Even when I buy a puzzle pack it is a great value and I can download what I want on my different iOS devices on my apple account.  I like that each puzzle can be whatever difficulty level I set.  I usually get bored when apps don’t perform the way I prefer and I never get bored with this app, I have quite a puzzle library now.   This is way better than surfing the web for pictures to convert into my own puzzles and many are highly challenging!', 'userName': 'RJ again'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14145787, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-20T15:52:28Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Pretty good, but too many pop-ups even in paid version', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 28, 2, 52, 3), 'isEdited': True, 'review': "Update: I came back to say that the pop-ups have gotten worse and it’s so frustrating! Sometimes there are five that come up after I finish a puzzle, and I have to keep closing them before I can do anything else. There are even times that I have to close the app and reopen because there isn’t an x to select to get the thing to go away. I paid for this app specifically so that this wouldn’t happen. Downgrading my rating to 3 stars.\n\nI really like this app, and use it almost every day. There are some great features: you can do each puzzle with different numbers of pieces, you can choose to look at the image of the finished puzzle (or not), there's an edge-only button, and more. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because, even in the paid version, there are pop-ups about progress, puzzle packs to buy, and other games to play. I really just want to do puzzles and not worry about how much progress I've made toward an arbitrary goal of a puzzle every day for 80 days!", 'userName': 'maptahoe'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 9487386, 'body': "Hello kellselizab! I am sorry to hear you're having trouble with crashing, audio ads, and other ad troubles. Support would love to help you address this problem! If you would, please reach out to us via the following link: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ and reference MW-653929 - We look forward to hearing from you and helping you resolve this!", 'modified': '2019-07-03T21:23:26Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun game but has had problems since last update', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 28, 7, 7, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I absolutely love this game, I played it multiple times a day, however there has been problems with the game since the last update. The game will play the audio from an ad but that ad is nowhere to be seen on the screen. The audio of said ad will start, stop, start again, then stop again, and will continue this cycle constantly throughout playing the game. The game will also crash right in the middle of you doing a puzzle making you lose a lot or all of your progress on whatever puzzle you had been working on. I have had the game suddenly crash after I had been working on a puzzle for a quite a while making it delete about all of the progress I had making me basically have to start that puzzle again. These problems happen every time I open the app and because of this happening to me on so many occasions it has made the game unplayable and not enjoyable anymore. However if these problems get fix it will definitely make the game playable and fun again', 'userName': 'kellselizab'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14998922, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-921376 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-04-29T21:51:54Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'CB', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 6, 17, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I love jigsaw puzzle. There is so much variety in the type of puzzles you can get. The only thing I would change about it is to be able to have the title of the puzzle displayed when you are working the jigsaw. There are only so many types of pieces you can have on an IPad, whereas, if you work a box puzzle, there are many more types of pieces..this is a great game and mind stretcher!\n\nThe new format is great, and I love the fact that the title or the description shows when you have completed the puzzle.\n\nThere is a slight problem with jigsaw puzzle. Each puzzle that I do there is one to three or four pieces that get stuck I one position and you can't move them to the correct position . You have to rotate the puzzle, close the puzzle, and hit the lock or unlock several times, and it takes quite a while to finally be able to move the piece.  I have seen this happen in about 20 puzzles, and it is very frustrating.", 'userName': 'NurseSec'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 1889859, 'body': "Thank you for sharing your experience with our advertisements. Please go to our game's settings and select Support from the menu to send us a message. Please include a description of what is happening and a screenshot of the ad our team will be happy to assist further.", 'modified': '2017-11-30T16:44:41Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Mediocre App', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 30, 1, 53, 11), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I cannot afford to spend money on puzzles or the premium upgrade so I use the free one with the ads. I am okay with that, but almost every single time I am finished with a puzzle and want to go back to the main page, a white screen comes up and then nothing happens. I cannot do anything, so I end up backing out of the app altogether and cannot use the app again unless I go to another Mobility Ware App like Solitaire, and then when I click the jigsaw app the white screen is gone. It is really annoying and frustrating.\n\nI had to downgrade this app to 2 stars since the ad problem has become horrendous after the latest changes. Like I said previously I don\'t mind the ads because I accept that is what I have to deal with in order to use the app and keep my costs down. However, now the ad will not finish loading until I actually click the little blue button that says "learn more". I do not like going to websites on my iPad as it is an older model and often cannot handle the newer graphics on websites. Either quit making me do that or I will delete the app and give a rating of 1 star.', 'userName': 'Dmmarie'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14640167, 'body': "Thank you so much for taking the time to leave a review, Lhillemn! It's great to learn that you are having such a great time playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-13T21:04:49Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'a 5-star game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 10, 2, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'This is the best jigsaw puzzle game out there. I’ve had it for years and it just gets better. A free puzzle every day, free packs available and plenty of low cost puzzle packs are available and you can import your own photos. The scale has been expanded so you can set the number of pieces I think to 1000. You can also set them to rotate or not. The game currently awards points you can use to obtain additional puzzle packs. I have just one request. When the pieces scatter across the playing area, some go to the edges of the screen. On my new iPad those edges are sensitive and evokes commands to leave the current app for a selection of others. Please create a buffer area around the screen edge so those pieces are easier to reach without activating those iPad commands. Then perfection!\nThe scatter issue on the screen edges has been fixed. I can’t think of a single thing to improve and yet they keep finding ways. Love this game.', 'userName': 'Lhillemn'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': "This app's setup is just like doing a real puzzle", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 14, 9, 51, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love the setup. This is the only app so far that I\'ve tried where the experience is the same as when doing a real puzzle. Pieces can be placed anywhere you want while playing, just like when doing a real puzzle (as opposed to the pieces being on a sliding "bar" on the side of the screen like in some other apps). Also, you can have the picture displayed while playing, just like when looking at the picture on the box when doing a real puzzle (as opposed to, in other apps, the puzzle picture being only "faded out" and full size "under" the puzzle as you are doing it). Of all the jigsaw apps I\'ve tried, this is the only one where I eventually actually spent a few dollars to buy a set of puzzles, just because it was so fun and satisfying. Also extremely addictive, but very relaxing too -- more so than real puzzles, cause it can be played anytime and anywhere. Highly recommend.', 'userName': 'Dales Wife'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'A lot of fun and you can easily get hooked!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 23, 3, 39, 15), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Update: Really wish you'd get rid of the trays they are not necessarily something everyone wants and there should be a way to turn them off they just take up valuable space. \n\nOriginal review:  After surgery I couldn't walk for 8 weeks and i couldn't work for 4 so I needed something to do and I stumbled across puzzles in the App Store. I tried several before settling on this app. It was in my opinion the best of them all. The pictures are great and options are countless and I've been hooked ever since. My husband always loved puzzles, but he's not what you'd call computer literate, he's still using a flip phone, anyway he watched me play once day for hours. The next thing I knew he was doing puzzles on the iPad for hours and hours. He's hooked and does several puzzles a night. Now one of us is always waiting for the other to finish with the iPad so we can do more puzzles. We love it!!!!", 'userName': 'Diesel8655'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'My favorite iPad app', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 11, 18, 13, 24), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve had this app for quite a while, a couple years at least, and I have to say it’s probably my most used iPad app! I love working on jigsaw puzzles, but I have absolutely no spare room or safe space away from pets to put a physical one together. This app is great, hands down the best jigsaw puzzle app I’ve found and used. Even if you never spend a dime on puzzle packs, the free ones are great. After first using this app I decided to see if spending a few bucks was worth it by checking out how much puzzles are in stores. Um, yeah, spending anywhere from $2-5 on this app gets you anywhere from 20-40 puzzles. Compared to ONE puzzle costing around $5 at the store. There are puzzle packs you can get using the points a you earn from finishing puzzles, too. I’ve worked my way up to the max amount of pieces and I definitely love having an Apple Pencil for those small pieces. So I’d say 10/10, definitely recommend!', 'userName': 'TotalCalamity'}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Last update messed things up', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 16, 20, 10), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have found since the last update that settings don’t work properly now. I have the game installed on an iPad Pro and an iPad 4.  The recent issues apply to both. I have the same issue already noted in another review with pieces not tracking well. In fact touching a clearly visible piece now seems to bring up a “buried” piece that isn’t even visible rather than the piece you touch. The table size setting isn’t working properly since the update either. With the setting set to the large work area (which I have had turned on for a long time) the work area remains small and the pieces large so it is awkward to work on puzzles. It would be nice also if the issue with restoring previous purchases would get resolved. Trying to find them again in the store is a nuisance.\n\nI have used this game for several years now. This is the first time an update has raised so many issues for me. The game still “works” and I will still use it ... just with a little more frustration and a little less enjoyment.', 'userName': 'DoneWorking4Evr'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 28, 13, 17, 48), 'title': 'Taking up almost 1 GB', 'review': 'I like this app but I am going to have to delete it (even though I’ve bought puzzles.)  It’s taking up almost 1 GB on my phone. It’s taking more storage than even Facebook!!  I would’ve given it 5 stars if it wasn’t taking up so much space. Space taken and the adds!!  Omg the ads are terrible on this app and long!!  All the ads drain my battery super fast. It has video ads that seem to go on forever!!  Wondering if that’s part of what’s taking up the storage on my phone too?  It’s just ridiculous!! Buying puzzles and now having to delete the app!!  Not happy!!\n\nUpdate!!  Now that I know how to delete puzzles I have freed up a lot of space!!  Thank you for reaching out and letting me know how to delete completed puzzles. I have given this app 5 stars now since that was my major complaint. I love this app!!!  I don’t love the adds but at least I can purchase a package to get rid of the ads. Thank you again.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 4937389, 'body': "Thank you so much for updating the star rating for your review! We're glad that we could help and that you were able to free up some space on your phone! Thanks for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!", 'modified': '2018-09-04T20:42:22Z'}, 'userName': 'Karengirl34'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 18, 2, 26, 44), 'title': "I'm puzzled...and lovin it", 'review': 'This is the best jigsaw puzzle site I\'ve ever found. You can make it as hard, to solve, or as easy as you like. The variety of themes and puzzle packs of jigsaws is amazing and the prices are very reasonable....there are always sales (which I take advantage of) plus a free puzzle each day. Although I haven\'t tried it yet, you can use your own pictures to make into puzzles. Most of the  puzzles are geared for adults, but there are several that are suitable for young children, too. When I was a youngster my family spent hours (and days) working on jigsaw puzzles....gave us something to work on during the winter and school vacations. Now I\'m a "senior" and have several pets....cats can undo a puzzle (in progress. ) in seconds, but I can do a puzzle on my iPad ...work on it when ever I want to, and my fur babies can\'t disturb  it. "That\'s a good thing". Give online puzzling a try....but try this site first. It\'s the best ,in my book.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'alpatbro'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 23, 18, 53, 47), 'title': 'Puzzle pieces everywhere!', 'review': "The puzzles are beautiful and fun to put together. I especially like the fact that you can pick the number of pieces for each puzzle thereby letting you choose the difficulty level of solving the puzzle. Just love this app! \nHere is some new info! I have told people about Jigsaw Puzzle and they have been excited about doing these puzzles or sharing this app with their loved ones. I am excited each time I finish a puzzle and eager to start the next one. This relaxation is the best in the world!\nHere is more new info: Still in love with Jigsaw Puzzles. I have been using some of my pictures to make puzzles and sending the completed puzzles to loved ones. Their response is pure joy. Can't get any better than that!  *****\nStill can’t say enough positive things about Jigsaw Puzzles! Love the updates you know I just gotta get back to finding the next piece of the puzzle. BTW  Happy Thanksgiving 🦃", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Plaquerty7687'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 16, 31, 37), 'title': 'Too many changes', 'review': 'Why are we saving coins?  There is very little we can apply them to.  Everyone keeps trying to get their app so fancy.  More of you should use the KISS rule!\n\nI don’t know what the H—- you folks are thinking!  Why do you have to always fix what is not broken!!!!!!  Have lots of coins. Not much to spend them on!  You took away the preview and stuck this terrible shadow in the puzzle with no choice to choose from. With the shadow preview on the puzzle you cannot tell what you have done or not done. If you remove it you cannot tell what the puzzle looks like. The trays are a waste of time. I tried for two days to get into my app with no luck. I finally had to delete it and reinstall it. Well, guess what?  I LOST ALL OF MY DAILY FREE PUZZLES!!!!!!  I am getting to where I hate this app because of what you have done to it. You have just gone way too far with your “improvements!” I think you have now fixed most of the problems except my daily free puzzles I lost which are probably gone and lost forever.  \n\nOne last thing I was unable to get my rewards from the Monopoly game.  It told me to finish but nothing happened when I pushed the button.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20330062, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're having some trouble with a recent event. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1054424 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-01-11T23:46:40Z'}, 'userName': 'Laciroo'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 17, 16, 7, 33), 'title': 'Used to be better', 'review': 'I would have rated this app 5 star about a year ago. There have been several changes (I assume to increase revenue) that have severely diminished the user experience, and thus my use of this app. First, they added 2-3 pop up ads in between every transition in this game. These ads try to get you to watch or try out new games in return for “coins”. What they don’t tell you is that they have removed the ability to use those coins to purchase most new puzzle packs. So, the coins are now basically worthless. It used to be that between occasional daily puzzles and completing a purchased (with cash) puzzle pack, I would accumulate enough coins within the game to “purchase” another puzzle pack. Now, to use this app, I basically need to purchase each puzzle pack with cash, in addition to be subjected to incessant pop up ads. Chose one or the other....either make the puzzle packs available for purchase with cash and remove the ads or keep the ads, award coins for enduring the ads and completing puzzles and make all puzzle packs available for purchase with earned coins.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17403375, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Credits! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a large selection of packs available for Credits. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-08-20T15:07:56Z'}, 'userName': 'Raddoc2009'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 27, 22, 34, 56), 'title': 'Improvements...?', 'review': 'I enjoy this app because it is closest to the Box puzzles but much easier to use.  There are many puzzle choices available and the subjects are varied for everyone’s taste.\nHowever I do not like the new upgraded version as well.   The new hint button is ok I guess but doesn’t seem to be very useful to me.  The new scatter button is ok but I don’t like having to uncheck the zoom box when I use it which I only use when I have completed the border.  \n\n  But worst of all is that you have taken away the availability to use the puzzle piece button other than to separate the border pieces.  I liked to use that button to look at the puzzle without the unattached pieces and to find pieces lost from view on top of or around the puzzle without the loose pieces being moved from where I had arranged them.  I hope you will give access back to this button.    An example of trying to make things better but they end up being worse for some users.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'changes ugh!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 4, 15, 8, 25), 'title': 'Not AGAIN. Aggravating!', 'review': 'Your latest update is as if you knocked my arm as I was opening the box and caused my pieces to fly everywhere across the floor. I’m sending a trouble ticket, still I love your app and your service response! \n\n CAN’T DO WITHOUT THIS Puzzles App! Best app for interesting relaxation, Don’t Bother trying any other! You don’t have to purchase a thing! if you don’t want to, this developer gives you a free puzzle every day and you can play it repeatedly including different sizes. Issues are answered Fast and corrected quickly! REALLY, these peeps Respond!!, and fast! Free puzzle packs are offered periodically, and sales on packs are frequent. You can purchase many packs with coins earned every time you complete a puzzle… plus free coins are offered every 4 hours, and as you complete more puzzles they frequently offer you more coins! This developer also offers puzzles of really varying interests, including from various artists. I’ve bought several packs because the artwork was so outstanding and matched puzzle solving so well!', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23291778, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! It is wonderful that you've stuck with our app over the years. Thank you for continuing to share your feedback!", 'modified': '2021-06-09T16:31:47Z'}, 'userName': 'cantrecallmyname'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 13, 6, 57, 49), 'title': 'Great app!', 'review': 'So customer support was on it.  They responded fast and fixed the problem.\nI’m really impressed.  I’ve never had such fast response before. \nIn really happy because I love this app!\n\nSo, I’m changing my review, at least until I get a response from support.  \nI’ve been using this app for over a month and haven’t had any real issues.  It slows my music down I  use it with music or a podcast, but that’s tolerable.  And I expect pop ups in a free app.\nBut last night it when beyond a pop up.  I was working a puzzle, and my browser opened and sent me to a page that was one of those “Your the daily winner” things.  I thought I hit the ad bar with my finger, so I closed it and went back to my puzzle.  Nope, it opened again about a minute latter.  And it continues to open every time I try to use the app.  It’s now so bad, I can’t even get to the puzzle screen. And it’s only this app.  I’ve opened other apps, doesn’t happen.  Opened my browser, doesn’t happen.\nI cleared my history, cleared my data, shut the app down, and restarted my phone.  Nothing helps.  As of now, the app is completely unusable.\nI’ve sent a message to Support, so we’ll see what happens.  \n\nThis is my previous review...\n\nI enjoy jigsaw puzzles, but I never thought I’d like an app like this.  I was wrong.  I find myself wasting hours on this.  There are plenty of free puzzles to keep you busy.', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 2805582, 'body': 'Thank you for updating your review and letting us know about the ad issue you were having. We have identified and blocked the ad network responsible for distributing the content that kept taking you out of the app and this issue is now resolved. If you have reached out to our support team about this issue you should be receiving a response shortly with similar information. We ask that any users who were affected please close and restart the game to confirm the ad issue has been resolved.', 'modified': '2018-03-12T15:30:07Z'}, 'userName': 'Wickedb69'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 0, 16, 35), 'title': 'My all-time favorite app but.....', 'review': 'I have had this game for years.  I’ve gotten angry with it due to updates and have even deleted it a time or two.  But I’ve re-loaded and whatever issue I was having has disappeared.  I still believe this is the most relaxing game out there.  I play any chance I get during the day, but love playing at night with the music on (only game I play with the sound on) and everyone sleeping.  I’ve looked up and seen the sun coming up on more than one occasion too.\nMy only complaint is that with this last update, the developers took away the majority of the tabletop colors and left some of the brightest (regardless of how much I lower the brightness in my Settings), and to me - some not too pleasant and harsh colors to choose from.  I can only use the gray, dark green and occasionally the tan.  Before the update, I had almost 30 backgrounds to choose from.\nPlease give us back the option to load different backgrounds and colors.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 24271979, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the available backgrounds in the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2021-08-02T19:54:36Z'}, 'userName': 'FredandEthel'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 27, 6, 15, 54), 'title': 'Things are changing for the better? :)', 'review': 'UPDATE: They have more puzzles for sale for coins recently! This makes the game and  the ads much more worth my time and more fun, knowing I\'m working towards the reward of picking a puzzle pack. The prices,however  (in coins) are a LOT higher than they used to be, unfortunately. \n\nI\'m also really liking the update to the tray and other parts of the interface.  One huge wish -- either put "empty"/"fill" buttons on both the left and the right sides of the tray, or "freeze" the buttons on one side of the tray, so it doesn\'t mean tons of scrolling to get to where we can use the empty/fill buttons.  Thank you for listening, MobilityWare.\n\nJigsaw Puzzle pushes many ways to win coins, including watching ads. But I honestly don\'t mind watching ads, if there were more puzzles to purchase with the coins. There used to be many puzzles you could buy with coins, and it was fun earning them through playing games and watching ads. Now there are only a few measly puzzles selling for coins in the "Treasure Box".  Really disappointing, and now I rarely watch the ads or play the games to earn coins. What\'s the point.\n\nI love this app, but I feel they have compromised the appeal of Jigsaw Puzzle by reducing the number of puzzles that can be purchased using coins, and what\'s more, they have reduced the likelihood of success for a potential source of income for Critical Hit Software - watching ads for points.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22557843, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2021-04-30T17:06:21Z'}, 'userName': 'PamTNC'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 16, 6, 39), 'title': 'The Best Jigsaw Puzzle', 'review': 'This has always been my favorite jigsaw puzzle on the market! I love everything about it. When you do updates, they are always nice and convenient! Thanks for giving me daily fun-time! The last few days, it always says “0” for how long it takes me to do the puzzle. I don’t know if there is a glitch in your program or in my iPad.\n\nThis is an updated review!  It’s still my favorite puzzle but during the last few days, it interrupts me while I am working on my puzzle to play an advertisement!  The ads before the puzzle are aggravating enough but now getting interrupted while I am working on the puzzle is really irritating!  It really takes something away from the enjoyment!  Also when I take a break and turn my iPad off for a few minutes, when I com back to it, I AGAIN have to put up with another minute ad.   I hope I don’t have to quit the puzzle!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 24318541, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding ads in the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2021-08-04T17:56:38Z'}, 'userName': 'Linda S.M.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 8, 15, 13, 2), 'title': 'Frozen out of app', 'review': 'Thanks to you CLUE puzzle and requesting notifications be turned on I am now frozen from playing any puzzles within this app even after turning off the notifications.  HELP!\nIs it really necessary to constantly be issuing updates?  Could you - would you please test your changes before issuing them?  Lately it seems the updates cause more issues and in addition take that much more memory to run the app.  Most of us do not have unlimited memory available on our various tablets.\nAlso I’ve noticed with the most recent update you changed the color of the wooden background to have more yellow instead of the more neutral - please change it back to the neutral.  Having to constantly find a new background to fit the colors of the puzzle for better visibility removes the pleasure of the game.  Remember this is a GAME and most of use it for pleasure not aggravation.\nThanks!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13949227, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-896531 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-09T22:24:24Z'}, 'userName': 'Willie 65'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 19, 17, 45, 52), 'title': 'Not Happy With Recent Changes', 'review': 'I used to LOVE this app and had rated it 5 stars in the past. I loved it so much that several years ago I upgraded to the ad-free version and deleted the other jigsaw apps I had downloaded. I purchased many puzzle packages, as I believe in supporting the developers when I truly enjoy something. That being said, I also appreciated the fact that we could earn coins to get the same puzzle packs that were also available to buy. Who doesn’t love free stuff, right?! Things have changed, though. The app is now full of ads, which imho counteracts the relaxing effects of doing a jigsaw, probably because I paid to have NO ADS! And the thousands and thousands of points I’ve saved up to buy new puzzle packs are now basically worthless as they can’t be used on newly issued packs, only on a few selected older ones. The developers do seem to care about customer satisfaction, though. I’ve contacted them about an issue I was having with the app and was impressed with their thoroughness.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16200497, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We appreciate you taking the time to share your most recent thoughts about our app. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-06-24T17:55:09Z'}, 'userName': 'Lucibellas'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 3, 4), 'title': 'Love', 'review': 'I have to lower again! They fixed below problem. However, there are minimum three to five advertisements every time I go in the app OR start a new puzzle. I didn’t have a problem with one advertisement, but three, four and five is just too much! I absolutely do not purchase any of these advertisements! \n\nI had to lower rating. Still love putting the puzzles together, but now majority of puzzles l have saved to put together another day are different pictures when you click on them.  It will have several of the same picture and you can’t tell what the actual puzzle is. Frustrating! Apparently the only way to fix is to delete all puzzles and start over. Didn’t have that problem until after an update so don’t understand why I have to delete all puzzles. Their problem not mine. \n\nLove putting the puzzles together and getting a new one each day. Hate the advertisements that pop up! Don’t read them. Don’t pay any attention to them. Doesn’t make we want to purchase anything!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16054872, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for your feedback! Our top priority is always to provide the best experience we can! After careful consideration, we've made some changes to reduce the number of messages that display in the game. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any additional feedback you’d like to share!", 'modified': '2020-06-17T22:29:03Z'}, 'userName': 'K Gillin'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 9, 1, 59, 25), 'title': 'The 3 issues I have', 'review': "This is a decent game but I have three areas of improvement for the developers to address.\n\n1. When you first start the game you are confronted with its main screen that contains no less than 18 different icons which you can click on. Takes a while to become comfortable navigating this very busy main screen.\n\n2. When you move a puzzle piece and place it where it goes, it doesn't always fall into its spot. You are forced to move it again. This annoys me. I wish there was an option to turn this off.\n\n3. You earn coins at a very slow rate. You can unlock puzzle packs for thousands of coins, but be prepared for it to not be anytime soon. You literally only earn two or three queens per puzzle. I am nowhere near close to purchasing a puzzle pack. Having said that, my actual concern regarding the acquisition of coins is this; there are achievements, which I like. Generally, when playing any games that have objectives for you to complete, you receive a reward. There is no indication that you are receiving coins after an achievement is reached. No indication that you are receiving any reward whatsoever. So I am finishing puzzles left and right, yet as far as I can tell I have not received a single thing for doing so. You are able to watch an ad after finishing each puzzle in order to amass coins in this fashion. But I believe that is it. So I guess to the developers I would say please add some sort of reward banner indicating what you have earned.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17877938, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-09-14T21:36:09Z'}, 'userName': 'gghhrrttsswweequit'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 9, 25, 59), 'title': 'Tired of it locking up', 'review': 'I do love playing this, the daily puzzles, and being able to buy new puzzles with accumulated points. What really frustrates me is if I have to stop for a moment, come back, and it says I must watch a video. When I push the button to watch the video, it just flashes for a moment; the video does not load, and the entire board locks up. I then have to close the app, and typically even have to go to something else for awhile before I can get the app to load again.  Otherwise, it just keeps coming up locked. Sometimes it takes several tries to get it to load properly, and then it will have the watch video button but nothing plays when I hit it, but this time the puzzle will start working again. So tired of this bug because other times the video will play as planned and we’re back in business. It makes me dread having to push that button in case I get stuck in the loop of it not loading.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Phoebe GR'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 29, 19, 41, 50), 'title': 'Personal Rating', 'review': 'Love love this puzzle site more than any other I’ve been on. There are some issues right now that I hope are being looked at such as scrolling thru my groups that I have purchased. I try to scroll to find puzzle I want to play and it keeps jumping back up to the top. Makes it frustrating to try and find the one I want to play. Seems the issue with the pieces being all over the place at the beginning has been addressed and pieces are all around the border to start. But the biggest issue I am having is connecting the pieces. I try a piece and it doesn’t fit so I move it aside but sure enough further down the road it was actually the correct piece after all. happens often Not ready give up on this site yet please continue to better it, it really is the best I have found. I work 3 or 4 and sometimes more puzzles every day.                 Reason for only 4 stars are these 2issues hope they will get better', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Ms Coco Kitty'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 5, 17, 17, 9), 'title': 'Puzzle my world', 'review': "I've been playing these puzzles for a few years and never tire of them.  Yes, some cost a reasonable amount of money but many are free.  I'm impressed with how Critical Software continually works on and does improve their product.  A few years ago while it was nice it needed many improvements.  I've seen those improvements and more.  Because of this and the quality of their puzzles, I give them five stars.  Update as of 6/5/19...I now give them 2-1/2 stars.  Yes the variety is there and better than anyone else’s that I know of.  The support is non existent.  Even when it saves the game and supposedly gives me points for finishing a puzzle I go back in and it shows I didn’t finish it.  I’ve done the same puzzle twice in a row and documented it for support.  They don’t even respond more than a week later.  The puzzles have significantly increased in cost and now I go into “my puzzles” and it won’t let me open a puzzle pack as it says it needs to verify the purchase.  I have purchased almost every puzzle pack they have put out.  I am very disappointed.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 9119423, 'body': "Thank you for reaching out, Rachel, and I'm very sorry to hear you're not happy with your recent experiences with the game. We would love to collect more information from you on the problems you're having and help address them. Please reach out to us via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and reference MW-584673. We're always happy and eager to help!", 'modified': '2019-06-11T22:09:18Z'}, 'userName': 'Rachel Matera'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 5, 14, 47, 15), 'title': 'You messed up everything!', 'review': 'A couple weeks ago, you sent out an update that completely stopped this app from opening on my tablet.  After several tweaks and going to a trusted Verizon store for help as suggested by your team of “professionals”, I was able to open it, my coins were still there, and all the puzzles I had purchased, thank God, bc I had purchased many. BUT all my puzzles in my Gallery,  all the hours I spent in creating them were gone!! Months of daily puzzles, about 2 years worth, even some I had done more than a thousand pieces just GONE!! Totally wiped out!! Also I was within days of finishing the last of the “objectives”, they are gone, too! And it wants me to do them again!! That needs to be optional.\nBut the biggest change is my love for this game. It was my go to game. Not anymore. I have no more trust in it at all. I will never ever purchase another puzzle from this game again. You have broken my heart. \nProbably I won’t even get a decent response from your people. Just some generic scripted  quote. You all are horrible, just horrible.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13902827, 'body': "Hi Renette, thank you for following up regarding your issue. We're glad to hear that you're back into the app, now, but we're sorry to hear that you're missing some things. Unfortunately, if the app was uninstalled and reinstalled, that can result in a loss of some things. If you need further help, please Contact Us from within the app's Settings. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-06T20:59:42Z'}, 'userName': 'Renette Wideman'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 23, 20, 52, 39), 'title': 'Too many pop-up ads', 'review': "The continual sales pitches every time a puzzle opens only angers me and ensures I don't buy any puzzles to reward the annoyances you have inserted into. What was once a good game.  Now it is an exercise in needless aggravation.  The permanently scrolling list of puzzle options on the. Opening screen is more than enough.  Your greed will lose you money when players like me find another game that is not as annoying.\n\nNew problem, the visual of the in process puzzles does not match the actual puzzle when brought into the work space.  Sometimes there are multiple views of the same puzzle although it shows an OpenTable \n\nAddition of trays adds one additional annoyance!  It takes up space on an already limited space.  When compounded by the ongoing freezing of the screen with ever increasing regularity and for extended times that can only be overcome by closing the app and going elsewhere...well, an app I enjoyed for many years is about to disappear from my games.  The aggravations are increasing faster than any enjoyment from playing the game.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12045905, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-11-25T20:11:52Z'}, 'userName': 'Silent_in_VA'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14998825, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for taking the time to leave this thoughtful review. We're very glad to hear that you're enjoying it so far, and appreciate the suggestions that shared. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us from within the app's Settings. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-29T21:44:29Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'sheeba67', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 29, 13, 55, 57), 'review': 'I pretty much downloaded every puzzle app and tried before deciding to invest in this one. The $19 prize tag seems a little steep and the 2 puzzle packs aren’t that great. Should let people pick the 2 packs they want instead. The game interface is great and works exactly as it should. Great job on the entire game. It’s annoying to have to buy puzzle packs, but worth it in the long run. I have just recently spent $30 on a box puzzle so this app brings many puzzles for less than cost of one from the store. \nThere are only two suggestions for features I’d pay more for. Multiplayer cooperative play would be awesome letting multiple people work on the same puzzle. Would also be nice if puzzle shapes could be mixed up a bit. I tend to enjoy a puzzle even more with interesting piece shapes. Nothing crazy, Springbok is best example of this. Really enjoying the app, great job guys!', 'title': 'Best Puzzle Game'}, {'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NoOneFromNoWhere', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 1, 58, 19), 'review': 'I’ve never left a review for an app before, but I really felt I needed to in this case. \nThis was a great app before the last update and now it’s been completely ruined. I don’t know who was responsible for testing the recent changes, but they failed at their job. All of the other negative comments that I see being reported are true, most prominently the difficulty that exists now in being able to move the pieces. Considering that this is the entire point of the app (moving puzzle pieces), I’m baffled that this release was allowed to go forward. \nI don’t know what bugs were fixed, but there’s no way they were important enough to continue having this recent update apply, because you are quickly losing all of your customers and no one new will be signing on, I can guarantee that. \nI loved this app before. It was relaxing and enjoyable. Now it is frustrating and miserable and I’m moving on to something else, unless I see a notice that the last update is being retracted. I want to stay a loyal fan, but you can’t destroy the functionality of your app and expect people to stay on board.', 'title': 'Last Update Ruined App'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19330455, 'body': "Thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T23:23:40Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'The voids', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 5, 56, 10), 'review': "Noooo, where are the sorting trays? They were awesome. In fact they could have done with more background colour choices and the ability to lock them in place while working with them so they didn't disappear with an accidental tap. Yes that would have been perfect. Instead there is  this horrible upgrade - I'm calling it the 2020 version-, it has deleted the trays and left one pathetic tray in the side that you can't make disappear.\nAlso, as others have commented, that stupid last tiny flashing puzzle piece. Little by little this app gets more and more irritating with all of the banners, advertisements, useless coins and more adds for other games that I would look up if I wanted to play them. My relaxation is being stolen by the drive for more business but come on you guys, we pay for the puzzles to get away from that sort of thing. What happened to the lovely app that I first started with, invested money in and could relax and enjoy? I know you can make it awesome again so....", 'title': 'What happened?'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13744559, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're missing some purchases. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-887165 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-02-27T17:27:29Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'cookdoll', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 21, 1, 32, 12), 'review': 'I have purchased several puzzles on the same day in Fed. The first puzzle in my list of downloads never downloaded.  The ones I purchased after Charming Cobblestones all show the word download and showed up on my computer.  I tried to purchase Charming Cobblestones again and it did the same thing.  So I figures some thing must be wrong with that puzzle.  The next day I check and it still did not load on my computer.  The Charming Cobblestone was no longer on the list of puzzles to purchase.  When I got my bill I was charges for 8 puzzles when in reality I only received 6.  This is the second time this has happened and it was always the first puzzle in the list I was purchasing.  I was denied a refund .  So I need to know what I am doing wrong or is this a problem with the app. Before I ever purchase any more puzzles.  Thank you for any help you can give me.', 'title': 'Downloading'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 11475263, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with those features. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-821484 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-10-25T18:29:54Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'jarbkok', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 22, 22, 48, 40), 'review': 'I really like your puzzles, and would give you a 5, except for your credit policy. When I try to “buy” free credits, most of the time there are no ads available. When I finish a puzzle, and the treasure box appears, usually there are no ads available-try again, which is impossible. If you have a limit of 10 credits every few days, then say that. I have to watch an ad before every game, and often during a game, so I highly doubt that you can’t find an ad somewhere. I do not have a credit card online, so at 6 credits a puzzle it will take months to buy a new puzzle pack. Your puzzle selection is wonderful, and I like the way they are set up to play, my only complaint is the credits. A few days ago, you said something new and exciting was coming, but nothing did. What happened to that? Thank you for reading this.', 'title': 'Jigsaw puzzles'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Morelly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 14, 22, 53, 18), 'review': 'This is a wonderful jigsaw app. You can choose the number of pieces per puzzle and the direction that the pieces are laid out. Straight edge pieces can be separated from the group, and the pieces can be scattered out of the center of the puzzle for you. There are several other choices you can make, but the ones I listed are my favorites.\n\nThis app is a wonderful way to spend a few minutes or a few hours. When I have insomnia, this is the first game I go to. The puzzles are inexpensive, and a free puzzle is available every day. They run sales frequently. You can buy 40 puzzles for about $4.00 without a sale.\n\nI am hooked on Springbok puzzles, but these make a good substitute. Since my dad has been critically ill, I haven’t been home enough to work real jigsaws; however, it’s easy to carry along my iPad when I sit with him and do a puzzle while he sleeps. I hope this review is helpful.', 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle fun'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 11380049, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm glad to hear that you're back to enjoying the app, and thank you for the suggestion regarding a wishlist feature. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-10-21T15:45:16Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Wgpenguin', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 19, 14, 55, 17), 'review': 'I love working puzzles.  Previously I rated this app a 4 star.  They fixed the one issue I had with it, so it became a 5 star in my opinion.  I’ve been using this app for over 4 years.  I’ve loved it.  Until the latest update.  Now in spite of locking the screen, often times when I try to move a puzzle piece the entire screen moves around. That’s annoying.  Also, now when you scatter the pieces to the outside of the “table”, it’s possible for a piece to end up under the up arrow in the lower right corner of the screen that opens the menu.  It’s very difficult to get the piece out from behind the arrow because every time you try, it opens the menu instead.  I’ve dropped my rating to a 3 because of those issues.\n\nUpdate:  Issues have improved. Much better.  Back up to 4 stars. One suggestion - it would be nice if I could save puzzle packs I like for future purchase when browsing the store, like a wish list.', 'title': 'Almost Perfect'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Alley@cat', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 8, 0, 26, 54), 'review': "I have had the pleasure for 2 years now since I was given an iPad for my 80th birthday & I have never been disappointed in any of the wide variety of puzzles available to you at such a reasonable price. All the puzzles are a joy to complete & I love being able to pause the puzzle if I need. Most of the puzzles are quite beautiful & I really enjoy doing the free one every day plus I have many I have previously bought & haven't finished the pack. Good work to all of you involved.\nWell I'm 83 1/2 now & still love my Jigsaw Puzzles more than ever. Don't get around as much or as easily as I did before but depend on my Jigsaw Puzzles to help me relax & entertain me without all the noise & distractions of TV. Love the beautiful pictures & variety of choice. They are never boring & really help me through the day & night with delight. Thank you for making available such a great selection of puzzles.", 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzles'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Elhudman', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 28, 19, 3, 3), 'review': "I’ve been playing this game for several years now, and I still rate it 5 stars.  I play it everyday, and it’s my go to app for relaxation. A previous review is at the end. \n\n- - -\nA quibble with the new release: sometimes adding animations reduces the user experience. I find it annoying that when I complete a puzzle from a pack, that puzzle is highlighted momentarily before I can get back to the main menu. I KNOW where I got the puzzle. I’m ready to select something new. I know it’s not a long time, but it’s long enough to annoy. I looked to see if I could turn it off in the settings but no luck. I’m still playing, but get a little ugh feeling of annoyance when I finish a puzzle. \n\n- - -\nOlder review:\nYes, I like this app. I play this every day. The free daily puzzle is great. I mostly play the free puzzle packs, but as I think about it, I've also purchased more than a few puzzles. \n\nOne thing that I would like to see is more non-distracting backgrounds. Working  400-piece puzzle when I can't find a background that lets me see the pieces clearly is more of a challenge than I want to see. \n\nI play this and also Magic Jigsaw Puzzle, with this my favorite. I purchased the Ravensburg app but find that app too complicated for a casual user, and their puzzles are expensive. It seems to be an app that requires a solver dedicated to just that app.", 'title': '5 Star app'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'The poor speller', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 12, 2, 2), 'review': "Been using this app for a few years now and I really like it.  I purchase a few puzzle packs each month so I have quite a few.  Love the way you can choose the number of pieces in each puzzle to match how much time you have to complete them.  (I don't like to leave an unfinished puzzle.)  please keep up the great work in puzzle choices.  Also giraffes have become so popular as of late please create a set of giraffes in their habitat.\n\nYour recent update on this app is very good with the exception of when I finally complete solving the puzzle you used to leave the completed view on the full screen view for as long as you want to view it, but now it only stays on for like 2 seconds then shrinks down to a much smaller view.  I like the older version.  I do like seeing the information as to where what the puzzle is on the new version.", 'title': "The best puzzle app I've used!"}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23158370, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-02T17:37:21Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'KA77899', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 29, 18, 55, 32), 'review': 'I have been buying these for years & it’s the only puzzle app I own. However, for me, it could be improved. I have some color blindness and problems with spatial relationships. I cannot do many non-photographic puzzles as the lighting isn’t natural & that makes it very difficult for me. Dark puzzles are tough as it’s hard to differentiate the dark blacks, blues, browns, greens, etc. from one another. Puzzles busy with a million items aren’t fun for me either. I like landscape pictures best. Just brighten them up. Give atmospheric foreboding a break. Forget ones where 75% of the picture is petals, fall leaves, etc. Too aggravating. Also, cut down on the space devoted to skies where there isn’t much going on. Even if the lower 1/2 is lovely, the tedium of working a sky with little to no variation just makes the puzzle a pass for me.\n\nOne thing that helps is being able to change the background/table color. I do wish there were more subtle options: ones which could help differentiate those pesky dark colors which tend to look the same to me.\n\nI still love your puzzle app. My favorite pastime is listening to an audiobook & working a puzzle while I listen. My subconscious actually does a better job than when I’m focused just on the puzzle!\n\nKeep up the good work but consider making some puzzles packs that incorporate my suggestions. Thanks!', 'title': 'Great app but I have some suggestions - please'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 11853297, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having some trouble with your progress. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-832348 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-11-14T23:58:03Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ginny51', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 12, 15, 9, 25), 'review': 'I have been playing these puzzles for years and it has always been my favorite until last update.  There is a major bug in the puzzles now that is on my desktop where I load in the daily puzzle and any I have purchased.  I now have five or six daily puzzles on my desktop, which I have completed and received points.  When I come back in I find them showing up there again showing 90+ % finished.  When I touch the screen to go in and correct the puzzle it scatters all the pieces to start all over.  Very frustrating!!  I now have about 5 days of free puzzles collected on my desktop.  Some I have reworked 3 times and always get points but they are still on my desktop.  Please fix this bug and add a way in the program where we can let you know of bugs.  Since I’ve done testing on new programs I know how to explain the problems.  Other apps have appreciated this and let me know.', 'title': 'Disappointed'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GrandmaBarbara47', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 10, 3, 31, 1), 'review': 'This is a great app - beautiful and the difficulty is configurable. My issue is the frequency of the pop ups -- it is so annoying I lately think I may delete this very very nice game.\n\nNow a year later I have learned to keep my fingers off the advertisements at the bottom of the screen, so popups are not so intrusive. \n\nOne suggestion I have is to give the name of the puzzle when it\'s complete. I sometimes forget what castle (for instance) I worked, and would like a reminder. This is one of only three games I have kept ever since I got the iPad. Thanks!\n\nThis is my third year, still play it every day. Love it!!\n\nTwo comments on the latest upgrade: for me, the change to the "scatter" feature is not so good... The strategy I use is to work by colors and remove all loose pieces at the end of each session. Now a bunch of clusters are left when I scatter, and I need to remove them manually. No doubt people who use a different strategy like the way it works now - maybe it could be configurable.  \n\nThe other thing is the way the ads hijack my iPad and I cannot get back to the puzzle.  I have actually had to reboot a couple of times.  This wastes my battery and wrecks my enjoyment of the game. I actually like ads if I can choose which I want to watch... I hate it when I can\' t escape the ones I find irrelevant or even offensive.', 'title': 'Excellent!!!'}, {'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sgc909', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 3, 5, 36, 16), 'review': 'Very realistic game play and an amazing variety of puzzles. Each puzzle pack is a good value. Most contain 30-40 high quality puzzles. I appreciate the ability to find and earn free puzzle packs, the various challenges and ability to choose the level of puzzle complexity. \n\nOrdinarily I would have purchased an app I enjoy this much. I would if it meant I could choose the free puzzle pack I wanted instead of getting one of their choice. Buying the app doesn’t unlock any special ability I care about such as full screen puzzles (they are all squares) or different shapes for pieces.\n\nOne more change I’d like to see is the ability to purchase a much larger percentage of puzzles using coins. Can’t see why anyone would want to buy more coins when they have such limited usefulness... and only rarely for any of the better puzzle packs.', 'title': 'Best Jigsaw Puzzle Game Available'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 7920273, 'body': 'Thank you so much for this great review. We really appreciate you being a loyal player and your cousin too! Thanks for playing MobilityWare!', 'modified': '2019-03-26T20:48:01Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Vacation planner', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 3, 15, 33, 11), 'review': 'I have been using this app for about 18 months and have seen changes and can adjust to changes.  Some changes have been positive and others I adjusted to. I use the daily free puzzle and have bought some puzzle packs as well.  I DO NOT want to sign in with Facebook and since that annoying flag shows up on my settings I have had problems accessing the daily free puzzle.  I have turned my iPad off when this has happened before and it would usually fix the problem.  I have the next to newest iPad so my tablet is not the problem.  I’ve looked at other recent reviews and it seems I’m not alone with the updates not being a plus.  I have reviewed in the past and have told others about the app.  I like the app and my grandchildren do as well.  The daily puzzle is what encourages me to purchase so you need  to fix this or I will end up playing a daily game of Scrabble instead.', 'title': 'Updates in April messed things up'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20512842, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-1061002 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-01-19T21:30:54Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'debbow days', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 15, 2, 51, 22), 'review': "I used to LOVE this app and have put completed 300+ puzzles. Things changed after the last few updates (started when the last piece highlights and user is shown where it goes). Now I ALWAYS have at least 1 puzzle in progress displayed for puzzles I’d previously completed. After completing, the points were added to my totals and the check mark displayed so they appeared as completed.  Initially when I clicked on the puzzle in progress the puzzle automatically scattered all pieces so I had to start completely over. Now after what was possibly another update, when clicking to open a puzzle in progress the app freezes and I have to close it. I can’t get to the puzzles to complete them even though I’d already completed once. Also the number of adds that pop up are a huge distraction! Very frustrating!! I don’t know if others are having these issues but due to these problems I don't use this app any more. I’d like to but I get too frustrated. Help!!", 'title': 'D Bowman'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18928299, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-05T22:14:40Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Awallz 101', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 1, 23, 59, 29), 'review': 'This is a good jigsaw puzzle app. It has good puzzles and many free ones to get you started. These give a good way to test the app before purchasing any of the other puzzles. This is the only one that I’ve tried, so I cannot compare it to others. \n\nThe biggest complaint that I have is the ads and other intrusions that come up. Every time I open the app an ad for puzzles shows with a timer. I have to wait before I can start doing puzzles. Ads will also show after completing a puzzle. They have also started to show ads while doing puzzles. This would be okay in a puzzle they gave me for free; however, it shows in puzzles that I have purchased. No ads in something I paid for is my policy. \n\nOverall, I will keep using the app, but would like to have an option for no ads at all. I already know they have a store with more puzzles. And since I’ve made a purchase give me an option to turn off the ads. Or, at least reduce how many come up.', 'title': 'Good - Too Many Ads'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 11515373, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're glad to hear that you're seeing an improvement. If you run into any other issues in the future, our Support Team would be happy to help. Please reach out to them from within the app in the Settings menu. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-10-28T15:16:06Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LoveBrownies&IceCream', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 25, 22, 48, 49), 'review': 'Update October 2019: Not 5 stars yet! The app has improved since March 2019, but I’m still getting “check your internet connection” too often. This remains the only app where I have this issue. \n\nI have stopped buying puzzles on this app (which makes me sad) because I’m still concerned about being charged twice. To be fair, the app corrected my overpayment once I pointed it out to them. BUT I think they should have known about it before I figured it out. The way the app could fix this issue for me is by again including the name of the puzzle purchased on the receipt.\n\nPrior review:\nAnyone else out there pay for the same puzzle twice? \n\nSince that March failure of an update (opinion) my puzzle purchases no longer include the name of the puzzle I bought. So when I noticed 3 charges during a week when I purchased 2 puzzles, I contacted the app. They don’t know what happened but did tell me to contact the App Store for credit or they would give me another puzzle. I don’t think that’s the issue. I just want this app to go back to the way it was operating prior to March 2019.\n\nAnother player brought to my attention the double charging. So it’s not just my account that’s been overcharged. That’s why I started paying attention to my bill for this app. I think other customers of this app should check on what they have been charged for purchases they did/didn’t make!', 'title': 'Update'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22134411, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with your purchases. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-10669 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-04-08T22:21:57Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'botartvt', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 5, 23, 0, 12), 'review': 'I used to love this app and bought a ton of puzzles. Then I bought a new iPad and tried to redownload all of my previous purchases. Now they all show up in the app, but are greyed out and the only puzzles I can do are the daily free puzzles, which sometimes freeze everything (like today) and I don’t even get to play that one. I think the last update was a bust. Please fix these problems.\n\nThere used to be a lot more puzzle packs available for coins. Now it seems that most have to be purchased through Apple Pay. And a lot of the puzzles are repeats that turn up again and again in different packs. \n\nI still play every day, but sometimes it is very frustrating. When everything freezes, I have to delete and reload the app and then re=download all of the puzzle packs that I haven’t completed. There are way too many ads for stupid stuff like Potato-head and Archie. And they pop up after every action. Every now and then I get a button that says suspend ads for 30 days, but if I press that button, ads appear to get worse rather than better.', 'title': 'App keeps freezing'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19527823, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-03T22:52:34Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'AuntSuze', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 1, 56, 29), 'review': 'This used to be a fun app. However, the developers keep changing it and ruined it.  They added a tray feature that grabs and hides pieces. The latest is moving the tool bar to a pop up and making it much more difficult to use. Also they deamatically increased the number of ads. The worst is while working a puzzle I bought and paid for, they will stop the puzzle and subject me to ads. I can see this when downloading a free puzzle, but on one I purchased?  Not nice.  If you haven’t invested in any puzzle packs yet, I strongly recommend you find a different app. This one is “improved” to the point of being ruined!\n\nLater:  We’ll, they’ve done it again.  The latest “improvement” is to have all pieces in a tray.  I hate that and chose this app because it did nt do that.  Now I have to spend ungodly amounts of time moving hundreds of pieces from the tray to the field before I can even start.  I’m done.  The only suggestion I can think of to actually improve the game is to round up every developer who has tinkered with this in the last two years, l8ne ‘em up in the parking lot and shoot ‘em!', 'title': 'Ruined'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 6150199, 'body': 'Hello Daily Addiction Puzzler,\n\nThank you for your feedback. I am happy to let you know that Jigsaw Credits provide players with an additional way to purchase puzzles. This means that you can still make puzzle purchases in the same way that you did prior to the game update! Please do not hesitate to Contact Us using the in-game Help & Support page if you have any further questions or concerns!', 'modified': '2018-11-28T20:24:53Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 23, 15, 54, 25), 'title': 'Jig Saw Puzzle', 'userName': 'Daily Addiction Puzzler', 'review': 'I have been using this app for over a year and it\'s my immediate go to after a long day in the social world field working with young folk. I grab my iPad, open my puzzle app and after completing the puzzle of the day start one of my puzzle collection sets. I typically complete 4 or 5 before I feel mentally renewed and start rattling those pots and pans in the kitchen for dinner. These puzzles replace my parent\'s bourbon and water in the recliner to wind down from their day at work. \n\nas an artist and water colourist, I can now sort my pieces by shade alone. If there is yellow in the picture I put all pieces having any yellow in them together.  I like to hit the "outline edge " feature and completed edges. Then I scatter pieces and begin sorting by shade and textures. I LOVE how it feels as I drag pieces together and they lock...matching subtle matching hues\n\nWAAAAA.  I HATE THIS STUPID “POINTS” purchase system!!!!!!   DUMP IT AND I’LL BE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19497475, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with your purchases. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1021565 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-02T18:01:34Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 22, 2, 53), 'title': 'My app won’t open', 'userName': "It'sMe540", 'review': 'I have had this puzzle for I don’t know long? Years. I adore it. I have purchased TONS of puzzles. It WAS my favorite app. I literally use it every single day, but progressively over the past few months, it has gotten awful. Constant pop ups, can’t buy much with my credits. And more and more and more pop ups. I would pay a lot for this app to never see another pop up. It’s destroyed my relaxing experience. AND NOW, it won’t open. It opens then immediately closes. I have updated the app, updated my iPad. I had dozens of puzzles and almost 3000 credits. I purchased the “Pro” version hoping it would all transfer and WORK again. Also hoped with the new purchase the pop-ups would go away, but they are the same. Constant. I am most upset about losing all of my puzzles I’ve purchased, at least 1/2 I haven’t completed yet. And how does this ever get resolved? Money lost. My daily relaxing joy. Gone.', 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12045870, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-11-25T20:09:29Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 23, 23, 6, 5), 'title': 'The best puzzles', 'userName': 'Cheetahhunt', 'review': 'I just decided to play your puzzles after quite a while away from them and was delighted to see that you have now provided a tray for the puzzle pieces; and not just one tray but you have given us several trays, and we can even increase the size of them. Thank you so much for making this wonderful addition. I have a couple other puzzle apps but your puzzle selection is the best and I’m so happy to be able to assemble them now without difficulty. Below is my old review.\n\nOkay, this app has the best puzzles but it does not give you the option to switch to a tray for your pieces instead of scattering them. It’s hard for me to focus and to find the scattered pieces is frustrating, that’s why I play other puzzle apps that have the pieces in trays along the side the most. It would be the best of both worlds if you gave us the option.', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 20, 17, 46, 59), 'title': 'New update', 'userName': 'Dandkkelly', 'review': 'This was a 5 star game for me and I played it every day. But the new update frustrates me to death. Things I like about it are how quickly it loads and that finally it doesn’t take two or three tries for the piece to lock into place. That has fixed my last source of frustration. I used to try to beat my previous times on completing a puzzle but no way you can do that now. Before this update, you had to slow down to get the puzzle piece to lock in. Now the whole board is loosy goosy. Instead of moving one piece the entire board moves around. You have to very carefully move a piece, and sometimes you have to try several times to move a single piece instead of the entire board. \n      Truth is, I will continue to play this game because it is the best jigsaw puzzle game out there. I just don’t consider it a great brain trainer anymore.', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19330634, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T23:47:54Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 17, 14, 41, 41), 'title': 'WORST update EVER!!!!!!!!', 'userName': 'NEENS ct', 'review': "The sidebar gets in the way of the puzzle. You have to go in and out over and over and over again making soooo hard to see where you need your puzzle piece to go. Suggestion: FIRE THE PERSON WHO CAME UP WITH THIS UPDATE!!\n\nUpdate to my review: I'm so glad you listened to everyone about the sidebar, and moving it. Thank you!! BUT... it doesn't stay there long enough to go back to it and when you go to say use the peek, your own hand is in the way of the puzzle, limiting the view of that puzzle!! The bottom is the best. Everything was fine, then you had people “fixing” it who probably never even use the app. Seriously people!! My star rating is remaining the same at 1. If i could do zero stars i would!! Since writing this latest update, i realized the “sidebar” goes away as soon as you touch the board. It doesnt let you keep there if you want to. Put it back on the bottom where it used to be. Im guessing its hard to do that cuz then you would have to admit you screwed up. I seriously don’t think you listen to anyone. Just a pretyped, useless response to our reviews!!", 'rating': 1}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13815322, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding our in-app messages! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-02T21:28:35Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 27, 0, 11, 35), 'title': 'Game was fantastic before ads', 'userName': 'ap2974', 'review': 'I have been playing this game for years and really enjoyed it prior to all the recent updates. I played on the free version for the first year and then decided to pay for the ad free version. Enjoyed it for several more years up until these past few weeks when they started sending pop ups in the game to watch ads for a chance to get 500 coins. Even that was annoying, but acceptable. Now today the ad popped up as “click here for your free gift” which turned out to be a 30 second ad which you could not close until it fully played. In the meantime my game was still running in the background with the timer still going. When I contacted help, they informed me “ When purchasing the upgrade to ad free this only removes third party advertising such as ads in between games and ads around the game borders. The event messages you are receiving are in app messages to let our players know of upcoming or ongoing events and we do not have a way to disable these at this time.”  I don’t consider an ad for candy crush to be an “event message”.', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 17, 18, 11, 18), 'title': 'Relaxing enjoyment', 'userName': 'Kimchouston', 'review': "I tried several jigsaw puzzle programs and found this one to be the best, from the great variety of beautiful pictures, how the app functions, freebies, etc.  I have had no problem buying puzzle packs and loading them onto my iPad. I enjoy the free daily puzzle and other free puzzles that are offered.  They also have sales on different puzzle packs.  They had a package that I bought early on that got rid of the truly annoying ads, gave me a couple of puzzle packs plus a 'create your own' feature, which is pretty cool.  I use vacation photos and also random pictures from the Internet.  While you can use any picture and re-size it, I've found that it works best with high quality, crisply focused pictures.  Otherwise, it ends up being a blurry mess, which isn't a lot of fun to work with.  Highly recommend this app.", 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12449815, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-17T16:53:40Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 18, 4, 36, 16), 'title': 'The best jigsaw puzzle app I have found', 'userName': 'Sammiebje', 'review': 'I\'ve been a fan of jigsaw puzzles for over 70 years. I love this App, especially being able to make puzzles from your own pictures. The only problem I have with it besides the fact that you can\'t see what you are working on ... No real problem since I once did a 2500 piece "mystery puzzle" with no picture provided ... Is that I almost always use the grey background, but the slightest accidental brush of the menu tends to turn the background chartreuse or magenta or some other such color which is hard on the eyes.  The only way to prevent this is to close the menu. Also, the music menu, which I never use, seems to pop up at strange times. However, I really dislike the new sorting bins!  Pieces are always disappearing into them and I have to search endlessly until I remember they may be in bins!', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19329884, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:10:44Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 20, 13, 18), 'title': 'Recent updates', 'userName': 'Ferdette27', 'review': 'I sat and read thru all of the previous reviews and see some if not a lot of the same problem.  This most recent update has me befuddled.  Trays seem to be a love it or leave it, for me I love them .  To be able to sort pieces to side or piece design allowed me to start working on more intricate designs.  To be able to move a tray, make it a bigger, even to move to the top or bottom or even side to side made it easier to play.\nFor those of us who have vision problems this last change really makes it hard to see what I have.  Think about it how many pieces look alike.   When you are working on a thousand piece puzzle they all look alike after a will making me give up and do something  else.  Give me the option to decide how it’s used.\nI love the added games but for now it’s on the back burner for play. Even trying to post this review is difficult how many nicknames are duplicate’s.  I’ll just use my real name, gee that didn’t work either.', 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15953788, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-941996 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-06-12T22:58:18Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 11, 21, 8, 17), 'title': 'Don’t waste your time with promises of rewards for games', 'userName': 'TrimGal', 'review': 'I love this app, generally, use it a lot, like the variety of artwork, like being able to archive old puzzles to the cloud like seasonal ones I can enjoy year to year. However e past months has irritated the heck out of me with all the Play This Game and win a reward bugs. Just wasted a few days on the desserts app and most of the time I got NO ADS AVAILABLE messages (which usually give you coins for watching) and even though I played every day the promised reward never shows up. Ingeneral the 30 ads for coins might be worth it, that is until they changed a whole lot of puzzles to only being a ails le for money purchase instead of coins. I understand why the cheapest sale packs might need to generate actual money, but a lot of the newest puzzle packs, that I want, don’t accept coins anymore. It’s inconsistent too and feels a little random and buggy.', 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 8063390, 'body': 'Hi cydh2, \n\nTHANK YOU so much for this amazing review! We are more than happy to hear that your issues were resolved! As mentioned before, feel free to reach back out at any time for any reason! We really appreciate you taking the time out to share your Jigsaw experience with us. Thank you for playing MobilityWare!', 'modified': '2019-04-04T15:54:24Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 29, 22, 22, 9), 'title': 'Fantastic Puzzle', 'userName': 'cydh2', 'review': 'This is the best jigsaw puzzle available! I’ve searched & tried many others before finding this one.  Very relaxing and easy to use. Many different options for setting it up the way you want (e.g. music or not/# of pieces/rotate or not/etc). Plus there are quite a few free puzzles as well. The responsiveness of the developers is top notch. Rather than post a negative comment with my issues, I contacted them directly & received an automated “We’ll get back with you within 2 business days” response. Shockingly, within 1 day I had a response telling me how to handle it. That fixed part of the problem but not all. I replied again and the following day an update was posted. It fixed all of the problems. I thanked them and received a personal response indicating I should contact them again if needed. FANTASTIC customer service!!', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 8437279, 'body': 'Hello jb3pin, thank you for your updated review! If you are still encountering any of the issues you mentioned before, our Support team would love to hear from you and assist you! Please reach out to us via Game Settings - Help & Support - Contact us with some details and reference review 503474. We look forward to hearing from you!', 'modified': '2019-04-29T20:40:11Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 22, 20, 57, 54), 'title': 'Update Ruined Game - Developers Fixed', 'userName': 'jb3pin', 'review': 'Updating my review to acknowledge that the developers are responsive to feedback and have fixed most of the bugs.\n\nUnfortunately the latest update is horrible.  The UI loads vertically, even when iPad is held horizontally.  Sometimes the screen will flip around and other times not, requiring it to be launched again.  The game board is even worse and it’s nearly impossible to move pieces around, selecting pieces to move has become cumbersome, at best, without moving the game board around.  And then to try and place the pieces is a significantly more difficult process rendering the game virtually unusable. I had been doing 192 piece puzzles on a daily basis in about 20 minutes and the issues with the latest update have added 30% to the average time to complete the same puzzle, very disappointing considering I’ve paid for puzzle packs that I have yet to finish.', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 19, 12, 59, 32), 'title': 'My Favorite!', 'userName': 'CRB4002', 'review': 'I love this app. No more lost puzzle pieces. I love the scatter pieces feature. Beautiful puzzles. The harder the better:) I love to hear the snap when the pieces connect. Very relaxing and a good workout for your brain! I love the new redesign of this app.  It is very thoughtfully done and well organized with new section features that include your personal puzzle packs which indicate the number of puzzles in a pack plus those completed, the same type of information in your free puzzle packs section and a complete list of previously worked puzzles.  Great job!  Looking forward to more purchases!\n\nLove the new update that includes playing for points. Great idea!  I would like to request puzzle packs that contain fancy decorated cakes with mastic flowers or fresh flowers—special occasion cakes or wedding cakes.  Thanks for your consideration. Thank you for your puzzle collections.', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18813809, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-10-30T21:11:29Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 28, 16, 41, 42), 'title': 'Update', 'userName': 'ILoveHuskies', 'review': 'I have knocked off one star for this app because of the annoying and in your face advertising they feel compelled to put in it.  This is still my preferred jigsaw puzzle app...however...if they keep adding advertising AND making me stare at it for several seconds before I can hit the “X” to get it off my screen, I’ll start to rethink using this app.  I’m not going to purchase anything from those ads that they force me to endure before going to my puzzles.  Also, the amount of puzzles you can use the “coins” on has dramatically been reduced to the point it’s not worth accumulating them anymore.  If the developers aim was to take a very popular app and slowly chip away at what made it so great...congratulations...you’ve succeeded.  \n\nThey have fixed the issues from the update that nearly ruined this app.  It is now back to being my all time favorite app.  This is the BEST jigsaw puzzle app out there.', 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13989705, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We appreciate you taking the time to share your honest and thoughtful feedback about our app. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-03-11T16:03:31Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 9, 0, 9, 56), 'title': 'Last update was an annoyance!', 'userName': 'cmm54', 'review': 'I have used this update for years and generally speaking love it. The pictures themselves are wonderful. I have to say though that I don’t get some of the main features of the new updates . When you scatter the pieces they move too far afield so that you really have to hunt for them at the end. This also means that now I need to sort the pieces into trays in order to see groups of them together. I never had to take Time to do this before. The most annoying new features are the additional advertisements of”free” puzzles with purchase of a pack, achievements and games within games. First of all giving me one free puzzle when I buy a pack is not enticing to me. It is annoying to have to go through the pop ups to get to packs I’ve purchased. I frankly don’t care about the “achievements “ or games within puzzles so their popping up is simply annoying.', 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22267413, 'body': "Hi Jean, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with some of your packs. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-13715 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-04-15T17:47:59Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 12, 1, 14, 40), 'title': 'Really messed up', 'userName': 'Wiscookie', 'review': 'After the update I lost all my space and now all my purchases and all puzzles in progress.  All gone.  I tried restore. Many times.  Deleted the game three times. And tried every thing I know to make it as good as it used to be.  Along the way I only got back a few old sets that I had.  Nothing close to what I had. Now these few I have show as new.  Really not a happy camper\nJean.   This was my review.  Maybe it never posted because it came up when I tried again.  I dorked with it until I managed a weak closeness to what it was.  Still didn’t get any sets I bought with my coins (I remember a farm scene from a while ago and recently a 40 puzzle scene thing).  All the ones I did get back were reset to not finished.  But some came back.  I know no all.   Really hate this mess up but got it workable.  Took a long time. \nJean', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 4396870, 'body': "Hello Cryptogirl2,\n\nThank you very much for your feedback. Our team strongly considers all user messages when making development decisions, so your review is appreciated. We recommend that users select the Scatter Pieces button and then sort the pieces outside the game area how they would like to. This mimics the realism of solving a real Jigsaw Puzzle so that your organization is not constrained by how we'd order the pieces for you. Additionally, we recommend that you play with the dark green or dark grey Backgrounds as they are some of the easiest on the eye. Please do not hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any questions!", 'modified': '2018-07-25T19:10:21Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 18, 12, 53, 26), 'title': 'Surprised this gets good reviews', 'userName': 'Cryptogirl2', 'review': "I'm really surprised this puzzle app has so many good reviews. There is no easy way to organize pieces - they're all just thrown on the work area in a way where it's hard to separate one piece from the other. I like to use the higher piece count and I found myself constantly having to resize the work area - making it smaller so I had some place to sort then making it bigger so that I could actually distinguish one piece from the next in the jumbled pile. I just assumed there would be at least a basic tray feature or some other feature to help with sorting - nope. It does isolate the edge pieces so that's good. Also, there doesn't seem to have been any thought given to selecting background colors that don't strain the eye. There is a small selection of colors and half of them are too harsh to actually use. I haven't done puzzles in a while so just opened this app and purchased a couple of packs. Really wish I would have taken the time to compare apps before making a purchase. There are definitely better ones out there than this.", 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 6, 52, 23), 'title': 'Addictive fun!', 'userName': 'Gardengirl43', 'review': 'I’ve been playing jigsaw puzzles for probably 5 or 6 years. I love the changes made over the last few years. The free daily puzzles make me check in every night for some relaxing fun. I love getting the gold coins for completing every puzzle and also for checking in every 4 hours. I spend them for puzzle sets that are on sale. I also like that you can now see all of your completed puzzles. For a change I make puzzles from my photographs of my pets, garden flowers, and all sorts of things. I believe that doing daily puzzles is not only fun but is important to keep my brain functioning well. Also, the puzzles are really quite beautiful and I end up doing several a day, when I have a few minutes to sit down. I also usually do a few when I watch a good movie or game shows on tv. These puzzles are really great!', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15451424, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-930812 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-05-20T17:57:42Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 23, 6, 17), 'title': '**SHAME ON YOU!!! ☝️☝️👎👎', 'userName': 'proudgma05', 'review': 'SHAME ON YOU! MY PUZZELS WERE HELD HOSTAGE BECAUSE I DIDN’T WANT TO UPDATE AGAIN! LITERALLY I COULD NOT EVEN OPEN THE APP, AND I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THE NEW UPDATE, IT OBVIOUSLY DID NOT MAKE THINGS ANY BETTER! YOU REALLY SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES! IF I DON’T WANT TO UPDATE I SHOULD’NT HAVE TO!  😤😡👎👎👎👎👎I’ve been using your app from almost the beginning, which I loved BUT it wasn’t broken so why try to fix it! I know some of the updates are ok but the trays are👎👎🤷\u200d♀️, not useful, more irritating than anything else. If you could fix this app or put it in a state-of-pleasurable use “PLEASE DO”! Otherwise, you’re not doing all of any favors but mostly Frustrations!\n**Updating my last review; Again every time you update it comes with more problems or makes existing problems worse! This time every day I have tried to open your puzzle app it crashes, if I finally get it open and IT FREEZES (without failure), every time! Yesterday I finally got it open at 10:30 PM! “PLEASE FIX THIS, IT’S GETTING OLD! If I haven’t invested so much in your app I would delete it but I’m being optimistic in thinking that you might finally get it right?!! 🤷\u200d♀️🤦\u200d♀️😤🙄😬🤞🤞🤞', 'rating': 1}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 8782364, 'body': "Thank you for your review, Pegaty! I am very sorry to hear you're having so much trouble. We would like to help you resolve these issues. Please reach out to Support via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and reference MW-544577 and our team will be glad to assist you! We thank you sincerely for supporting our game, and look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-05-21T16:44:42Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 15, 20, 0, 9), 'title': 'Jigsaw puzzle', 'userName': 'Pegaty', 'review': 'The pictures are awesome & overall, it’s a good app, even though it’s frustrating!\nI have several iPads, as well as iPhones of varying sizes. Only some of my puzzle purchases show up on all of the devices. My iPad mini has an older iOS & my puzzle app stopped opening on it at all!!! This also happened on my boyfriend’s iPad mini. The only way we could get them to work again was to completely delete the apps & download them again from iCloud. That caused us both to lose our accumulated coins!!!My boyfriend recently paid for, & tried to download the “Vista” package when it was offered for 99 cents. That was days ago. Not only hasn’t the package arrived, but his email to the developer has gone unanswered!!! This is no way to run a business!!\nNow, it’s also showing a puzzle of 64 pieces as only having 4 pieces on all of the devices! We have to tap the size arrow again to get it to register the correct number of pieces. Very disappointing. It used to be a great app, the best we’d used. Now it’s only fair.', 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 26, 22, 35, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dorajane76', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'review': 'I like this game for its flexibility.  It can be set for varying levels of expertise.  I do it for enjoyment, so I don’t set it for levels that are time consuming.  A puzzle takes an hour, more or less, to finish.  There are options about whether to listen to music or not.  Pieces can be set to rotate or not. Different sized pieces are available.   Many options are available for picture content.  I like animals, nature, music, and sometimes other scenes.  Scenery is available from many different countries.  Occasionally there are updates  that change some aspect of the puzzle.  These are usually improvements, but if something is already good, sometimes an improvement can get in the way.  That doesn’t usually happen.  All in all, it’s a pleasant way to spend an hour and sometimes share with friends on Face Book.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 7, 19, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GenerousOctopus', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Absolutely wonderful...until the latest update', 'review': 'I loved this app so much, until the latest update. It’s unplayable. I started a puzzle before the update and now when I try to go finish it the game is frozen, I can’t move the pieces, I can’t zoom, and the majority of the pieces are just missing. Not that there aren’t enough pieces to finish, but that each piece is only about 10% visible not that it matters because nothing will move! I know it’s not frozen because the ads are running just fine! I decided to just try a new puzzle but the “table” part moves practically every time I try to move a piece and when the piece does move it’s so far behind my movement! None of this happened before this update and this app (on ipad) was my favorite game on all devices. The only problem I had before the update was watching ads for the puzzle but then the puzzle wouldn’t load so I had to keep watching ads. I see many other users reviews explaining the same problems since the update, I hope they fix it'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 24, 23, 55, 42), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Donon1', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14339759, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry that you're having trouble with that feature. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-904772 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-30T16:20:08Z'}, 'title': 'The best', 'review': 'I enjoy this app very much.  I find it relaxing and like the fact that I control the difficulty. \n I use an IPad Air.  When in landscape mode there is a lot of screen that is not used for puzzle pieces.  If this area could be used it would allow more room.  It would allow a bigger work area.\nI do my puzzles at 225 pieces.  This is the most I can use because of limited space on the screen.\nPlease ,this in by no means a complaint. This limitation does not change my rating of 5 stars.  By the way your artwork is terrific many times I find myself looking at all the puzzles just to enjoy there beauty.   Thanks for a great app.  \nNEW: When you scatter pieces they sometimes get hidden under the tray.  It happens often enough that you need to shrink the tray to find them with every puzzle.  Not a big problem but it is annoying.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 1, 13, 22, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Orofinogal', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I like the new updates.', 'review': 'I have been using this app for a few years and I love it. I’ll agree with other reviews that the many attempts to sell me different puzzle packs are annoying.  But once I get into my puzzle they leave me alone.  A free puzzle every day and the variety of puzzles available for sale is very good and the prices for packs is reasonable. There are very good sales on selected packs constantly.  This makes it affordable do puzzles.   I liked the trays before but I love the new single tray set up!   You can opt to have the tray.   You can opt to put all the pieces in the tray, scattered of course.  And, you can view the edge pieces first!  This rids me of all the annoying prep work to work on the actual puzzle. I love that and I find that working with one tray works very well.  I recommend this app to anyone who enjoys putting a puzzle together.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 14, 11, 48, 28), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'El Dawg Grande', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Big Step Backwards', 'review': 'Used to love this app.  I’ve purchased over 50 puzzle packs but no more.  Recently they made several unfortunate changes that have lessened the experience of the game.  Up until the last update, the only “ads” were for their own puzzle packs.  Now after every puzzle you are shown an add or invitation to view one for a chance at 500 coins.  I have never been awarded more than 10.  However, the worst change is that I used to be able to buy ANY puzzle pack for coins that I earned from puzzles.  Now they offer only old packs that no one is buying anymore for coins so my coins are essentially worthless.  Everything desirable is now cash only.  \nIn addition, they seem to have significantly raised prices -now selling packs that used to be never more than 3.99 for up to 7.99.  I resent the blatant attempt to force me to spend more money and to stop me from using the coins that I earned for something I actually want.  I will not buy any more puzzles once I finish my current ones.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 4, 13, 52, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lizann9000000', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'FUN AND ADDICTING BUT MAJOR BUG', 'review': 'I’ve been doing puzzles on this app every single day for over a year now. I love that you can choose how many pieces you want to work with and the designs on the puzzles are magnificent!! There is now one issue, however... a MAJOR BUG!!! Yesterday was the first day I was not able to complete a daily puzzle. The spinning wheel of death lasted ALL day long. Typically the daily puzzle will take forever to load when I am at work because the WiFi connection is terrible there. I was off yesterday, however and the daily puzzle would just not load. The spinning wheel lasted ALL day. I thought it was my WiFi so I restarted it, rebooted my phone, closed out all pages in my phone, nothing worked! I have never gone a day without completing a daily puzzle because usually after sometime in the day, the puzzle will finally load. Yesterday was not the same. PLEASE FIX THIS BUG! \n\nThanks'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 15, 12, 32, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'AnnoyedRhymesWithWitch', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8292585, 'body': 'Hi there, \n\nThank you so much for writing in. We truly appreciate you being so open with your feedback because we strive to provide an exceptional game experience for you and all our players. I am happy to inform you that our development team has been working hard to address the issues you mentioned. One concern that we would like to dive deeper into is your progress not saving. Our team would love to offer a helping hand. However, we ask that you Contact Us in-game Settings and select Support. Through this, we can get more details to effectively assist you! Hope to hear from you soon.', 'modified': '2019-04-19T21:17:31Z'}, 'title': 'Loved it...past tense', 'review': 'EDITED and decreased from 5 to 3 stars. The horrible update from a few weeks ago has been improved, thankfully. But still major glitches. The sort doesn’t work at all and remains on “default” (and then freezes my ipad). The most recent puzzles are at the bottom, and I can’t change the default nor scroll down, no matter how careful, without opening another random puzzle along the way. I save kid appropriate puzzles in 25 pieces for when I see my granddaughter, and now I can’t even get to them. Frustrating. Also, I’ll be in the middle of a puzzle, and put it aside; when I come back to it, it’s not on the screen, and I assume has moved down to the bottom of the puzzles...at the completion percent where I felt off? Who knows. \n\nOriginal review: I start every day (for maybe a couple of years now?) doing the daily puzzle while having my coffee. I love the new feature where a piece kind of lights up when it’s placed correctly.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 14, 16, 29, 55), 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Skhise', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8177985, 'body': 'Hi Skhise, \n\nThank you for reaching out and providing us invaluable feedback. If you do not wish to listen to the sound affects, I recommend disabling game sounds through Settings - Sound - Off. I hope you find this information useful! Feel free to reach back out any time through Settings and selecting Support to Contact Us with any additional questions or comments!', 'modified': '2019-04-11T22:19:22Z'}, 'title': 'Latest update', 'review': "I love this puzzle game! That being said, after the latest update, a very annoying noise animation was added to the tap function that rotates the puzzle pieces. The rotation tap noise sounds like an electric nail gun shooting with every tap! Even after adjusting my volume, in order to barely hear the click when pieces align, the rotation tap is LOUD. And did I say annoying? 😉 Not just to me, but anyone in the house.  It's too much in my opinion.  I dislike having to mute and unmute my volume between different apps and usage. I love doing your puzzles and if I have to do them on mute, I'll continue. But maybe if others hate that rotate noise too, y'all could undo it??  Thanks for a great app and  listening to my gripes!\n\nUpdate:  Thank you for the latest update!  The annoying rotation noise is no more! Love your puzzle app with sound on again!"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 29, 16, 1, 23), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Ciara725', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12192271, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-03T21:52:50Z'}, 'title': 'Love This App!', 'review': "This is my favorite jigsaw puzzle app.  The pictures are vibrant and interesting.  I like being able to adjust the number of pieces and it's helpful to be able to start the puzzles with just the border pieces.  Freezing the whole puzzle movement is a great feature.  It was maddening when the puzzle would move when I just wanted to move a single piece.\nI know the trays were added recently in an attempt to provide convenience. I hate them! I already have a system in place to arrange the pieces by shape and the tray bars limit the space I use. I wish there was a way to eliminate the if a player doesn’t want them. \nAlso, I am not a fan of the painting puzzles. I love the ones that are actual photographs, but detest the cutesy animals and Americana scenes, my preferred puzzle pieces are 256 but when there is a painted scene I switch to 81 or 100 just to get the puzzle over with. Please, more photos and less paintings.\nAll in all though, this is a great app."}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 1, 0, 43, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Noodlebean1', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Having fun!', 'review': "I've been having fun with this app for a long time.  I like how one can choose how many pieces a puzzle will be and whether or not the pieces rotate. Typical jigsaw puzzles frustrated my young grandson, and now he is excited about these. I enjoy choosing puzzles to do, and I do many of the Puzzle Of The Day that they offer. I think they are all reasonably priced, especially since you get many puzzles for less than the price for one at a regular store. There are two reasons why I didn't rate this five stars:  They have decreased the playing area in order to have annoying ads going at all times.  Sometimes they have been flashing so much, that the distraction isn't worth it. Also, because of the decreased area for play, I find that I can't manipulate the pieces when they are so tiny when choosing a more challenging size puzzle."}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 21, 3, 1, 37), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'JeannieBean44', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzles', 'review': 'I enjoy this app so much! It is my favorite! I have to say that I like the shape of the pieces and that I can choose how many pieces and all the choices of backgrounds! The thing I like the very best is the huge variety of pictures to choose from and they are all so beautiful! Thanks so much for such a wonderful app! 😀\nWell, I have already sent a review, but I will tell you once more that I absolutely love putting these beautiful puzzles together! The neat thing about this app, is they keep adding new puzzle pacts!  Keep up the great work! You deserve at least 5 stars!!! 💫💫💫💫💫\nThis is still my most favorite app! You certainly deserve the five stars!! Keep up the wonderful job you do!! 💕\nThis Just keeps getting better and better!! Love the new puzzles that keep coming out and now also new backgrounds!! Five stars once again! 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 6, 13, 38, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Thequiltqueen', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17220887, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're continuing to have issues accessing your purchased packs. Please follow up with your Support Ticket in-game, or create a new one, with your ID MW-966083 so they can help you access the rest of your packs! We look forward to hearing from you", 'modified': '2020-08-11T20:50:51Z'}, 'title': 'It used to be good', 'review': 'I used to love this app and I have purchased many puzzle packs to expand my collection.  For the past month though, since the “upgrade” the app is a piece of crap.  It takes forever to load, today it looks as though it is not going to load at all.  It freezes up while playing, and when it is not frozen it moves very slow.  They have ruined a good thing and I truly regret the money I have spent on the extra puzzle packs.\n\nUPDATE:  Eventually the game started working again and I enjoyed doing puzzles everyday until my iPad needed replacing.  There are instructions for sharing across devices but the instructions do not work.  I contacted support.  They answered me and acknowledged that I had 47 purchased puzzle packs and gave me instructions how to restore them to my new iPad.   IT DOES NOT WORK!  (Somehow I managed to retrieve 14 of my purchased packs).  I told support and they stopped responding to me.   \n\nMy advice is to play the free games but NEVER buy anything from them.  Unless you have an iPad that will live forever and never need replacing.   😡😡😡'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 9, 3, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Photo punk', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fantastic except for one glitch', 'review': 'I use this app everyday. There is a plethora of puzzles to choose from for all ages. The ability to change the number of pieces increases or decreases the difficulty. Being able to instantly separate the end pieces is extremely helpful when putting the puzzle together. Purchasing new puzzles is not expensive and worth every penny. The new addition of trays is invaluable.\n\nThe glitch is in the goal section. It is not keeping track of how many days in a row one is completing a puzzle. I have contacted the help section and I have been told that they are aware of the problem and are working on fixing it. A few weeks after receiving that answer I asked if any progress was made. It had not been fixed and they offered to mark that I had completed that goal. I didn’t want them too because I wanted to actively complete that goal myself. That glitch is still not fixed months later.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 5, 22, 53, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CourtC85', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'It’s a fun app but I wish it had a few more features', 'review': 'I love playing this app and have spent actual money on it but I do wish it had a few more features, such as the ability to make a wish list of puzzle packs and have it automatically add earned coins once the waiting period for more free coins is up. Right now it allows 30 free coins every 4 hours which is fine but I often forget to check in that often which means the clock is restarted after I should’ve already collected them. I understand that they want users to actually use the game and not just collect coins to buy more packs instead of spending real money, but the most you can earn in a day is only 180 and packs start at 1,000 so it still takes time to earn them and the nicer packs are 4,000+. These are minor issues but adding them would make the game even more enjoyable in my opinion.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 20, 15, 28, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GodMommy1', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Excellent until recent updates', 'review': 'I have enjoyed this jigsaw puzzle app immensely for quite a few years. This past Sunday, that changed. The app installed an update. Like all updates, it was said to be an improvement. But I found movement of pieces to be jerky and difficult. Worse, when I finished a puzzle, it did not register as completed. I had to do a couple of them over more than once before the app finally marked them as completed. Things were better for a couple of days, but this morning, I opened the app to find that another update had been installed, and that the puzzles I had completed yesterday were no longer marked as such. Does the saying, “if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it,” mean anything to the developers? At this point, even though I have about a dozen puzzle packs all purchased and waiting for me, if things do not improve in the next day or so, I shall delete the app and forget about jigsaw puzzles altogether.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 4, 4, 2, 57), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'suzy_bk', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23249516, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-07T21:04:11Z'}, 'title': 'Old design was better *Updated*', 'review': 'Update: the sorting trays are back!!! I randomly checked out the app again and now see the option to have multiple trays!! I’m unreasonably excited about this - thank you thank you thank you!!\n——-\nThe puzzle menu was recently redesigned, and the ability to add multiple trays was removed. Everything about the old puzzle menu was much more intuitive (the way to expand / collapse it, the menu icons, the position on the bottom of the screen vs the current right side menu, etc). Now the menu is hard to use, the multiple trays that you could hide and display have been replaced with a single tray that’s always on-screen.... I’m so disappointed. I didn’t mind the abundant ads before but with the redesign this game is much less enjoyable. I’ll be looking for a new puzzle app.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 30, 14, 34, 44), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Silverwing Flyer', 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13210074, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! It sounds like you're encountering advertisements that are misbehaving or getting stuck. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-877420 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-01-30T21:53:45Z'}, 'title': 'Despise the pop ups', 'review': "Jan 30, 2020: The pop up is now a complete skin with no ability to close.  As other users noted, one has to exit the entire app and reopen it to play the puzzle.  Has the app itself actually been hacked by malware?  I paid cash for my downloaded puzzle packs and should be allowed to use them without this nonsense.  \n\nOriginal post:  I have  been using the premium version of this app for years and previously gave it five stars.   This app is one of my favorite activities for relaxation.  Suddenly last week (Jan 20?, 2020), promo pop ups began appearing both before and 2x after I do each puzzle.  This is extremely annoying, all the more because I have many, many purchased puzzle packs that I have not even worked yet.    \n\nI have never, and will not, enabled push notifications, nor will I update my version from what is currently installed.  My current app version began using a pop up for today's sales whenever the app is opened which an earlier premium version did not do.  I can live with it.   But, 3 and 4 per puzzle is quite unwelcome.  Plus, some are so large the close x is almost off screen. Note these popups were forced through without a version update or any setting changes on my part. \n\nThe current promo claims it will end on Jan 30, 2020.  Please do not do this again."}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 3, 4, 56, 17), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mozyoung', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20888706, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-02-05T19:30:48Z'}, 'title': 'Disappointed in changes', 'review': 'This has been one of my favorite games for quite a while. I love the fact that you can change the difficulty level on any puzzle. I also love there are so many puzzles to choose from. I do not, however, like the new changes. I think it’s absolutely ridiculous that you took away the sorting trays and now we have to scroll back and forth through each and every piece of the puzzle to find those that go together. This is very frustrating and cumbersome. Also, all of the ads and videos that we have to watch to enjoy the free daily  puzzle is absurd. It is also infuriating when the game just stops for no apparent reason and often times my iPad has to be rebooted before it will come back up. We earn coins to spend on puzzles but there are very few puzzles to choose from. I believe you’re going to lose users if these issues aren’t corrected… Myself being one of those.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 4, 1, 41), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Seasonal Cat', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15425416, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-929940 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-05-19T18:10:04Z'}, 'title': 'Well executed puzzle app', 'review': 'I love this app and play almost every day. Lots of options to increase or decrease difficulty. Really helps me get my jigsaw fix. There\'s a free puzzle every day which helps break the monotony and I liked that I can turn my own pictures into a custom puzzle. I also like that you can now earn coins to buy more puzzle packs. As someone who works in software development, I feel this app is really well executed. However it\'s been driving me crazy that it\'s not counting my "daily puzzles in a row" in a logical way. One would think it would count any puzzle completed based on 12:00am to 11:59pm on a given date. If that\'s the way it works, there\'s a bug. If it works on different logic (I\'ve considered a few options) then I\'m pretty sure there\'s still a bug because I repeatedly watch my puzzle completion toast come up and the day streak counter not increase. I\'ve given up on trying to get the medal but it still irks me.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 22, 3, 19, 26), 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Lightningclaws', 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12002294, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Are you seeing those suspicious ads outside of our application? Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-837327 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!', 'modified': '2019-11-22T21:38:06Z'}, 'title': 'It’s not that great', 'review': 'It’s very middle of the road for me. Most puzzles are locked behind a pay wall and while there is a free puzzle every day I don’t like that I’m forced to run through all of the free puzzles and only get one free puzzle per day. And a small problem I had was I left the app running in my background while I did something else and I got one of those super sketchy ads for a “100 dollar gift card for cable customer!!!!” In the Apple format where it seems official and it only allows you to click okay and possible get your phone hacked or you have to completely close the app to make it go away. It was not pleasant and it makes me think that if I leave the app open too long that more ads like that will pop up. I hardly ever do reviews but I’m considering switching apps just because of the lack of content for free users and the weird ads I’ve gotten. If these issues get fixed I’ll definitely start using it more but until then I don’t really recommend this app.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12957749, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-01-16T17:35:34Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 16, 0, 13, 5), 'review': 'Took a while to get familiar with the format.  I like many of the features ie. scatter, puzzle lock, edges separated automatically and the “eye” for a peak of the completed puzzle.  There are also a variety of beautiful pictures available.  \nOn the negative the commercials are annoying and the choice of backgrounds is pitiful.  Backgrounds could be improved and more user friendly with more light shades in the lineup. (It’s hard to believe anyone designing the backgrounds has actually spent any time actually trying to work a puzzle with the eye melting colors.). It’s also frustrating to finish a puzzle, opt to watch a commercial for extra tokens, and get a message saying there are no commercials available. \nOverall the puzzles are enjoyable enough that I have abandoned my former jigsaw app.\nThanks for listening.', 'userName': 'Mema 72', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love puzzles', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 24298208, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the ads in our app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2021-08-03T22:41:34Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 31, 16, 23, 41), 'review': 'This was a great puzzle game up until recently.  I had it for several years and loved it.  I totally understand the need for ads in order to support a free puzzle.  Most were fun to watch at the beginning and end of puzzles. And I downloaded a couple.  However, now you can expect to have a pop up appear every couple of minutes during the puzzle warning of a new ad in 15 seconds.  Then the same ads appear over and over, usually lasting 30 seconds. (And you can’t x them out until after they’ve run.)  I registered my objection in the customer support part of the puzzle.  I was told to get premium version which is definitely not one of my financial priorities.  I have lots of puzzle type apps and none of them have so many ads appearing mid puzzle.  For this reason, I would not recommend this app. \nAgain, place ads at beginning or end of game—not every few minutes mid game. Too intrusive for me.  Sadly, I will consider deleting app.', 'userName': 'dfwmspt', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Change in ad placement', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 16, 15, 18), 'review': 'I have been using this app for years and love it.  I only do the daily free puzzles and complete them at my leisure. However, I paid a fee to get rid of ads, but more and more keep popping up anyway. I loved when the trays were originally added, but the most recent update got rid of all but one tray, which I don’t like. Since I had started many daily puzzles and had already sorted the pieces into trays, I lost all of it with the latest update. I also don’t like the fact that I have to click on a number of things to get to the control panel, which used to be readily available at the bottom of the screen.  I feel that this last update was unnecessary, and actually makes the app less user-friendly.  I hope that some of the earlier features will be added back. Meanwhile, I will continue to do the daily puzzles. :)', 'userName': 'cjqdp', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love the app, but not the recent update', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15952813, 'body': "Hi DAC 32, Thank you for the feedback. Please consider that our studio relies on the revenue generated from ads so that we can continue to fund the development of our free games and updates. Each ad is intended to be simple to close after a short-timer has elapsed, however we understand that some players may prefer to play without seeing advertisements. This is why we’ve provided the option to remove ads through the game's Premium Upgrade. I hope that you’ll give it a try to customize the game more to your liking!", 'modified': '2020-06-12T20:41:05Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 13, 15, 2, 32), 'review': 'I’m playing just to finish the puzzles that I actually bought. When I’m done with those I will likely delete this app that I loved so much in the beginning and been playing for years. It is very annoying to build relaxing puzzles but have several ads pop up between every puzzle. You ruined a great app. If you’re a person who doesn’t mind that kind of thing... enjoy!\n\nThe developer’s response to this very review was for me to spend more money on an upgrade to get rid of the adds. I have invested plenty in this ruined app. In the past, players had to purchase puzzle packs to meet objectives. After purchasing quite a few packs that feature disappeared through one of their “not well thought out” upgrades. Imagine my disappointment when that happened. Now the developer wants me to spend more money. I started playing a puzzle earlier and had to click through three ads immediately. I will not be changing my rating until you do something about the ads or upgrade my game at your cost.', 'userName': 'DAC 32', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Too many pop-up ads', 'isEdited': True}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 9351127, 'body': "Thank you for your review, xowitncbapfntyenc! I am very sorry to hear you're having trouble with keeping your progress. We would like to speak with you more at length about the issues you're encountering. Please contact us via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and reference MW-633070. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-06-26T00:55:14Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 20, 9, 57, 36), 'review': 'I love the puzzles and choices.  However, for months now, I will finish a puzzle and it will pop up again two to three times as if I had never touched it.  I guess I am a bit OCD, but when I finish a puzzle pack, I expect all the puzzles that I finished to show up as finished...but noooo.  This week I finished a puzzle pack and the whole puzzle pack showed up the next day with the bow around it as if I had just purchased it, with three puzzles unfinished...3 of which I had finished twice because of this glitch!!  I keep getting a response...we are working on it.  This has been several months so obviously not!  Too bad, it would be a perfect app if not for this!  Let me add to this, when I try to post, each nickname has been taken...come on, seriously?  I think because it’s a negative review!', 'userName': 'xowitncbapfntyenc', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love it.....BUT.....', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 21, 21, 42, 39), 'review': 'This app is great!! Tons of free puzzles to play and you also get coins for finishing puzzles which you can use to buy more puzzle packs. Just wish you could “like” puzzle packs you want to buy later so you could find them easier and wish the rotation option was easier to find so I could turn it on and off easier. There are many options for different puzzles; some hard, some easy, some in between. You can select up to 400 piece puzzles. This is a great way to keep your mind active.  My wife doesn’t like me having the table out in the living room or taking over the dining room table so this is a perfect alternative. This app saves my neck too. I was always having to look down at the table when I do real puzzles and it was always an issue. Doing these puzzle on my phone now solves that issue completely!!', 'userName': 'oracle777', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Love this app, some suggestions too', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19500119, 'body': "Hello, thanks for reaching out! Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback you'd like to share with our team!", 'modified': '2020-12-02T22:07:44Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 3, 7, 58), 'review': 'I have had this app for a few years now and I enjoy doing the puzzles.  I find this app to be both fun and relaxing.  I love that you can play different sizes, the different puzzle packs you can earn or buy, the free daily puzzles and how great the pictures are.  \n\nUnfortunately, the latest update has been difficult to get used to.  I liked how you could use the trays to sort pieces into and move them around the play area, now it’s just one tray that is static to one side or the other.  Additionally, when changing the backgrounds, you were able to go either back or forward to determine which one works the best for the puzzle your doing.  Now you can only go one way and if you pass the one you want, you have to go through them again.', 'userName': 'Frizky lion', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great app but not liking the newest update', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 0, 3, 44), 'review': 'I never thought I’d like jigsaw puzzles, especially on an app. But with the lockdown in place for the past 3 months, I discovered a love for puzzles.  I even have my husband and granddaughter putting them together! \nThe puzzles are relaxing. The format is great in that you can choose the level of difficulty.  The scenes are beautiful. There are enough “free” puzzles, and if I run out of free (I haven’t yet and it’s been 3 months), I might consider purchasing.  The free app of the day gives a good teaser of what is in the puzzle packs for purchase.  I saw some reviewers complaining about the ads.  I don’t find these ads to be intrusive at all.  I play other games where the ads are 1 - 2 minutes long and are horrible. Truly, this is one of the best game apps.  Don’t change a thing!', 'userName': 'DarnRegs', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love these puzzles, never thought I would', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 18, 37, 39), 'review': "So disappointed with the latest update. Pieces don't follow finger properly. It's very slow and jerky when moving pieces. I still think this is the best and won't remove my 5 star rating. \nUnless they don't fix these issues soon, I may have to rethink the rating and even playing this game. \n\nLove this App! I'm a puzzle freak! My hubby used to get bugged by me taking over the dining room table with my puzzles! Now we have our table back! Love how you can set the pieces to either rotate, or stay straight. And love being able to create my own by using pictures I've taken. I change it up some days I make them hard, other days easy. Whatever you're in the mood for, you can do with this app! And love the free puzzles everyday. Well done creators! Thanks for keeping an old puzzle junky happy!", 'userName': 'Anniessong62', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best Jigsaw Puzzle Ever!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13991588, 'body': 'Hi xLosty, We really appreciate you taking the time to share all your suggestions and feedback with us! We’re always open to hearing the ideas you have about how we can improve our app. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any additional suggestions for our team!', 'modified': '2020-03-11T18:38:37Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 10, 15, 53, 8), 'review': 'Generally, this game is really good.  Things I like include - the daily puzzle; events; objectives to accomplish; earning coins to buy more puzzles; trays for pieces; and all the pieces on the board where I can see them.  \n\nAs with all apps, however, there are some issues and possible enhancements.   Coins - the app offers a chance for extra coins by watching an ad after you complete a puzzle (up to 500 coins).  However, somehow it never awards more than 10 or maybe 20 coins and regularly indicates no ads are available.  I can’t help but think the “no ads available” occurs when the reward would have been a high amount of coins (yes, I’m likely paranoid).  \n\nObjectives - I was on the last one - complete a puzzle every day for 80 days and had 2 days left.  The app only counted the Clue event puzzles toward the objective and then failed to count the puzzle I completed, resetting the counter to 0.    Not at all a good thing!!!\n\nSuggestion - when the pieces are scattered on the board, it would be helpful if they were scattered so they don’t overlap.  I find I have to spend more time than I’d like spreading them out so I can see them all, especially when I’m doing the puzzles at 400 pieces.  \n\nOverall, though, this is by far the best jigsaw puzzle app I’ve found.  Thanks for all the work you put into', 'userName': 'xLosty', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great game', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23205779, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-04T21:34:41Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 5, 12, 39, 7), 'review': 'Still love the app, but I have to ask: you couldn’t find one single patriotic puzzle for Memorial Day? You “care” enough to have a Memorial Day sale, and you always put up themed puzzles for holidays, but today you have—Mickey and Goofy wedged into a plane seat. Down a star for being completely tone deaf. ———————— I’ve been playing for years, and I loved this puzzle game. There was a rough patch a couple years ago when they started adding new features. Lots of bugs, things freezing up, puzzles that wouldn’t download. I stuck with them and it’s back to the puzzle game I originally fell in love with. I like that you can select large puzzles (lots of pieces), and I really appreciate the daily free puzzles. One star off because of the confusing challenges—I’m never really clear on what I’m playing for—and for some of the recent subject matter. I’m not about to pay for a set of puzzles featuring the monopoly characters or Mr. Potato Head.', 'userName': 'Servo2', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Nitpick', 'isEdited': True}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22082230, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-04-06T18:23:49Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 2, 6, 42, 23), 'review': 'Well, you have finally done it, you have sent me packing. I have had enough of this game. I have four puzzles in the process of being solved, and when I finish them I will close this app and I will never use it again, even though I have spent a small fortune over the last few years in buying puzzles. I will go looking for a Jigsaw Puzzle app that will be enjoyable and not frustrating, or I will just go back to working physical jigsaw puzzles. With each change you have succeeded in making this game more complicated and more frustrating, so I have come to the painful realization that I’m going to have to be the one to make the change...which is really sad because I really, really, really enjoyed this app....but now I don’t. As I mentioned in my last review, not everybody works jigsaw puzzles in the same way, and not everyone is right handed. It would have been nice if I (and perhaps others) had the choice to go with the updates or not. At any rate I’m sure that there is has a Jigsaw Puzzle app out there for me.', 'userName': 'jignote', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'jigsaw puzzle', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 3, 30, 8), 'review': 'Update: the latest update also quietly changed the number of points awarded for completed puzzles. You can only earn 64 points for a puzzle if you complete the 1024 piece option. It used to be the 6 or 700 option. Another way for the developers to make more money because this point decrease makes it much harder & longer to earn enough points to cash them in for a new puzzle pack. What a joke! Did you not think we would notice this?? Knocking my review down to one star now.\n\nThis app was my absolute favorite way to de-stress at the end of a long day. It was so relaxing. I use my Apple Pencil to precisely lay out the pieces to make the most of all space on the board, but something happened with the forced update the developer just pushed, and now every time I move a puzzle piece there is a lag time that makes it WAY less relaxing to play. It’s the equivalent of having lag time between the sound & a person’s mouth moving when you watch a video... deal breaker for me. Please fix this - I will REALLY miss this app.', 'userName': '816154949', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Update Is Terrible!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 2, 19, 45, 20), 'review': "I don't usually write reviews, but I have to give these guys their due.  I have limited mobility.  I've always loved jigsaw puzzles, but leaning over a table for hours is now impossible.  I've thought for some time that it would be great to find a jigsaw app for my iPad, yet all the ones I looked at were so juvenile, they were a joke.  When an ad for this popped up yesterday, I took a quick look.  It seemed to have possibilities, so I downloaded it.  Not only are the puzzles beautiful, but also you can pick your level of difficulty, giving it the possibility of being somewhat challenging.  Granted, it isn't close to the fun if a 250+ puzzle scattered on a card table, but it is fun, and is a mindless activity that is really quite relaxing.  Thank you, developers.  Update:  still enjoy after several years.", 'userName': 'SarasotaStew', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great fun!', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 12, 35, 47), 'review': 'I have done a puzzle on this app every day for years.  Note that I use my finger, not a stylus and always play 121 piece game. The recent improvements, especially in speed, are significant and greatly enhance pleasure of use. However, the developer really screwed up the tactile element; piece selection/pickup, movement latency, finger placement on the moved piece.  Small movement capability is also reduced to annoying because of the increased latency. In elaboration, piece selection/pickup is the success of a piece “adhering” to my finger and how often I need to try again to capture the piece. Latency is how far my finger distances itself from the piece I am moving. Finger placement is my ability to see the piece under my finger relative to the direction of movement. When moving up, my finger should allow exposure of the top of the piece.\n\nGreat job on the speed up, please fix the very annoying problems I discussed above. Then I will rate the app at 5 stars.', 'userName': 'Jaylg2', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Very good and very bad', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 11780352, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-11-11T16:17:14Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 5, 21, 5, 59), 'review': 'I stand corrected.   The glaring orange circles at top left are gone and so are the trays at the bottom.\nNow the entire screen is available for only the puzzle.  Therefore I’ll just deal with the white side panel although I wish the color white could be maybe sky blue. Instead of stark white with black lettering, a darker background with white lettering.  It would be easier on the eyes I think.7\nI also think the puzzles themselves are absolutely outstanding and amazing.  And the large variety is incredibly creative. I get to be in another world.  They feed my own imagination.  Imagine that!\nSo thank you all for your work and effort.  I am still here. I grew up with jigsaws long before iPhones came along so working them in an easier format is great.  And I still buy the table top puzzles.', 'userName': 'Fredricka52', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Give a little Get a little', 'isEdited': True}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 9, 4, 49, 42), 'review': "I just got a new iPhone and tried to get all the puzzles I had completed and those I paid for transferred. The app said it was successful and I saw my many completed puzzles. I'm on a limited income and really count my pennies. So, I treated myself to the Americana sale pack for $1.99. Imagine my surprise when I opened the pack, I had already completed all 44 puzzles. Obviously the transfer from my old phone was NOT successful. I've been playing for years and truly love your puzzle app especially for the ease of use. I know $1.99 is not a lot of money to others but the disappointment of no new Americana puzzles to do and my little purchase for myself was upsetting. Please make the transfer process work better. Perhaps an indication on the store page if you start to purchase something you already have might be helpful. Thank you for a wonderful app", 'userName': 'Lindamssmom', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'A little upset', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16762913, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-07-20T22:17:25Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 19, 14, 13, 59), 'review': 'What happened to all the puzzles that I could buy with the coins? The selection is limited now, very limited! When I first download the app, I would say 90% of the puzzles I could purchase with coins. Now it’s more like 30%. I have purchased puzzles with money and coins, but now the selection of the coin purchases are too limited. Also the puzzles bought with coins don’t share between devices only one that are bought with money. The description says shares all puzzles. Lied???\n\nAlso with the new update the pieces are harder to move around and there is a lagging. Also what is with the tray?  There is not enough room to begin with, now there is a useless tray.  I will finish with the puzzles I have purchased and will probably delete the app. I loved this app in the beginning, NOW it annoys me.', 'userName': 'Shrimpie01', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Wizard', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21622474, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-03-12T23:42:37Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 10, 56, 8), 'review': 'I gave this one star after the latest upgrade but I am revising because this really is the best jigsaw puzzle program. The reason I gave it one star previously was because I got a message to upgrade, which I did. Afterwards, when the app reopened, I thought I had lost all my puzzle packs. Using “Restore Purchases” did nothing. Eventually I realized that the program had reopened in the basic version and I have Pro. This is extremely annoying and I now recall it happened once before. I hope the developers can fix this. I also agree with others that there are too many ads - especially considering I use Pro - and that the Multiple Trays option needs to come back. Why remove a feature and replace it with something less useful?', 'userName': 'mareschultz', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Lost my puzzles AGAIN - updated', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19468950, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-01T15:45:09Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 15, 4, 15), 'review': 'We love this app. However the video ads that they want you to watch gives you only 1 or 3 or 5 coins for watching. You use to get 10, 15, 25, coins for watching the ads. And occasionally you would get 50 or 100 coins. We have bought new games and advertised items from the advertising businesses. It’s not worth my time to watch an ad for 1 coin or 3 coins. We no longer watch the ads unless we get 10 20 or more coins. Also the puzzles have gotten more expensive and you get fewer puzzles for your money or saved coins. When a puzzle group is put on sale they reduce the number of puzzles you can get. Also you can’t use your saved coins to purchase puzzles that are on sale.  We will continue to do these puzzles but we are looking for another puzzles app.', 'userName': 'Granolin', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Video ads', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'Normally I love this app.  Most of the time I don’t have any problems that I can’t work around.  Today when I sign in I get a message that updates have been made.  They are horrible.  It’s really hard to get the puzzle pieces to move and then they move in directions I don’t want.  This app has been my favorite puzzle app by far.  I loved the ease with using the app. I have spent lots of money buying puzzle packs and still have lots of puzzles to complete. I love a more recent feature where you can earn points by completing puzzle so you can purchase more puzzle packs.  I’m going to give it awhile to allow time to fix the piece movement issue so I’ll check back later.  If the problem continues I won’t be back, and that’s not good when I used to live this app.', 'userName': 'Kaz1024', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 1, 16, 28, 17), 'title': 'Updates are horrible.', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'When I first downloaded this app, I went ahead and paid for a puzzle pack of 45 puzzles (only $1.99). I’m not sure it was necessary, considering there’s so many free puzzles!!!  I’ll never run out! I enjoy being able to choose the number of pieces I want to play with! There’s an option to scatter the pieces outside the border.  And my favorite option, to hide the inside pieces while working on the border pieces. (It took about 10 puzzles until I realized that option was available!!). I really loved puzzles as a kid, and this is like reliving my childhood fun without having to worry with actual paper puzzle pieces!!!! (Of course it helps that it pops the pieces in place for you and flashes to let you know you found the correct piece.... I never got that extra help from non-digital puzzles!!!!)', 'userName': 'Slcoppedge', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 12, 23, 9, 19), 'title': 'Favorite Downtime App', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Love this puzzle app. I would like to be able to delete a puzzle pack after I have completed all of the puzzles.  Also I would like to delete a puzzle pack that was free when I have completed them also the other packs you put on my board. I just like to keep it neat and not cluttered with puzzles I have finished.\n\nWith the recent update you added a light flashing with the insert of a piece. Please also bring back the sound with an insertion\n\nLove doing your puzzles. Do not like being interrupted ,in the middle of a puzzle, to look at a sale.  I realize you need to sale puzzle but lightened up on  the sales. Also asking me to rate you every day is too much. Please just after an update and then a few days after the update so I will have time to see if I like it or not', 'userName': 'Pie icecreme', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 11, 17, 1, 26), 'title': 'Deletion of completed puzzles', 'rating': 5}, {'review': "I’ve had this puzzle game for well more than a couple of years, and it never gets old.  Besides the enormous selection of “puzzle packs”, the opportunities to adjust the difficulty, allows me chose how much effort I want to use in solving them.  I have done each puzzle with a different number of pieces. Some times I engage the choice of rotating the pieces, and other times I lock them “ right side up”.   I let my nephews and nieces play the Children's Packs I bought, and it keeps them busy for hours.  As they get bigger, I increase the number of pieces.  There are so many varieties, we’ll never run out of new challengers. And best of all, I keep the entire program on my iPad. It’s as portable as they come, and quiet enough to play wherever I go.  I consider this game to be the best bargain around.", 'userName': 'Suzy Gee', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 23, 23, 36, 2), 'title': 'I Love Puzzles', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Love this ap. and the free puzzle a day is great. Keep up the good work. One update that I would like to see is being able to move multiple pieces at a time. Like sorting same color pieces to a common area on the table.\n\nStill love this, but the Game Center requirement drives me crazy, I can\'t turn it off and it slows the loading of the game. Can you figure out a way to disable this "feature "?\n\nStill love doing your puzzles, at least one every day. Just a couple "would be nice" features, the ability to adjust the brightness of the background, some of the colors are a little too dark or bright, being able to adjust the brightness would be helpful. Also, being able to make my own default puzzle outline size, the current default is too small. It would save time not having to get it just right. Thanks\n\nLove the new tray feature, but why limit it to just 4 trays? \nI’m having issues with the loading screen, (not sure why it was added since you didn’t have it before), the app seems to crash more on loading. Also, having issues sometimes during play with serious lag when trying to move pieces. Still love the app, will change back to 5 stars if you fix the issues.', 'userName': 'Mama 750', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12192928, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing crashing in the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-842869 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-03T22:54:19Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 30, 18, 48, 35), 'title': 'Best puzzle ap', 'rating': 5}, {'review': "This one is fun. It's the way I prefer to work a jigsaw puzzle on iPad. It's more natural than having the pieces appear in a line at the side. Part of the fun is the hunt through a pile of pieces. I like being able to isolate the edge pieces and to scatter pieces out of the puzzle area. There is a great variety of subject matter with sharp images and intense colors. Background colors can charge for better contrast when needed. Some of the colors are way too intense so I usually stick to medium gray. It's nice to get a free puzzle each day and a holiday gift pack. Also it's great fun to work from my own photos.\nUPDATE: The developers have added an awesome new feature- sorting trays. What a great improvement. Puzzle workers inherently love to sort and this new feature just ups the fun factor exponentially. Two thumbs up!!", 'userName': 'GiniMax', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12192053, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-03T21:28:19Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 29, 19, 14, 35), 'title': 'My Favorite Jigsaw Puzzle App', 'rating': 5}, {'review': "If you LOVE puzzles, this is almost as good if not maybe a little better, at least in some ways, to making real puzzles. It's better bc it doesn't take up ANY space, you can choose how many pieces you feel like per puzzle, which is really great for if you want to do a harder one or you only have time for a quickie. AND, if you want to buy packages it's A THOUSAND times cheaper than actually buying puzzles that you don't have anywhere to put after your done putting it together anyway.\nSo, big thumbs up from me! I'm glad I found the game! The other ones I've seen or tried out are pretty lame and not really fun. This one also has way better pictures to choose from, plus daily puzzles. Oh, and they time you... So that ads a whole nother aspect which is fun and challenging.", 'userName': 'Goodmans5', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 3, 5, 29, 24), 'title': 'Game is Great!', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I have thoroughly enjoyed this app.  There is such a great variety of puzzle themes from a number of talented artists and fantastic landscape photographers.  While I have purchased puzzle packs on here, I appreciate the feature that enables you to earn coins that can be used also to purchase puzzle sets. \nThe images are sharp and for the most part enriched by vibrant colors.   I like that the choice of backgrounds has been expanded.  \nMy only complaint is that during scattering, some pieces are sent too close to the edges of the screen making them somewhat difficult to retrieve. I play this App on my IPhone 6S and when I try to retrieve pieces at the very top and very bottom of the screen, I frequently pull up an options screen from the bottom or a notifications screen from the top.', 'userName': 'BNM3228', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 25, 15, 2, 53), 'title': 'BARBARA NM', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for about 5 years.  I love the variety of puzzles.  I have a lot of packs I’ve bought on sale & the free ones available.  I like being able to see all the puzzle pieces at a time.  Right now I’m very frustrated by the promotional games.  I finished Monopoly about 10 days ago.  It was supposed to end 2 days ago & then magically reset for another 20 days.  I feel like I’m being cheated out of my portion of the $1million coins by allowing other players an additional 20 days to finish.  The other problem with it is no matter what puzzles I play for the gingerbread house challenge I only get Monopoly prizes.  I thought this problem would disappear when Monopoly ended.  Now the gingerbread challenge will end before Monopoly ends.  I enjoy getting the special free puzzles for a challenge.  Please fix this!', 'userName': 'T.Bear&me', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19934566, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with a recent event. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1039496 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-22T15:35:31Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 16, 7, 20, 36), 'title': 'Terrific puzzle game', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'Since I started using this app, the frequency and insistence of the pop up ads has gotten more and more obtrusive and annoying.  Now you face a barrage of ads just to play the daily puzzle. What the developer doesn’t seem to get is that as the frequency goes up, we pay less and less attention to the ads.  We just dismiss them without looking at them at all.\n\nThe other problem is that recent changes to the user interface have only made it more cumbersome.  The menu that used to be on the bottom is now on the right side, takes up more space, and you can’t keep it visible.  It’s also more difficult to change background color because you can only cycle through the options in one direction.  Big mistake.  Resizing the screen and highlighting the last piece is also really annoying and interferes with the flow.\n\nUnless some of these things get fixed soon, I’ll stop using this app.', 'userName': 'CanyonWeasel', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 4, 31, 15), 'title': 'Pop up ads incredibly annoying', 'rating': 2}, {'review': 'The one star is for what a swell little program this is. No more stars because it is seriously flawed, and I’ll be glad to dump it when I finally grow tired of it or die, whichever comes first. First, and worst, it eats enormous amounts of storage. Don’t even think about downloading this app if your device has limited storage. There is no way to control how or where the app stores your data, and the only way to free up the space it uses is to delete the app altogether. This is fatal to the app since users, if driven to it, can no longer add packages from the app if they are out of space.\n\nSecond, quality of puzzles is uneven, with many low-resolution, and lately almost all way over-saturated color-wise. The app makers apparently think we are all nine and care about nothing but color. So I like the older packages where photos were more diverse and completing a puzzle results in a nice pic you can spend time appreciating.\n\nSo yes, I’m an idiot for keeping this app around. I just don’t want you to make the same mistake I did.', 'userName': 'Casey451', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15607035, 'body': "Hi Casey, thanks for taking the time to share your thoughts regarding our app. If you're having trouble with storage space on your device, you can delete individual packs from within the app, or reach out to our Support Team at support@mobilityware.com for help. We'll also be sharing your opinion regarding our recent packs over to our development team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-05-27T19:03:36Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 22, 12, 26), 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'rating': 1}, {'review': 'This app deserves a 5-star rating. It’s my favorite puzzle app and I’ve bought plenty puzzle packs and probably will buy more over time. Only problem is I bought a couple packs and they aren’t downloading to my iPad. When I first got my iPad this was one app I transferred over from my iPhone and I was able to restore purchases from my phone to iPad. But it’s not downloading the recent purchases and I’ve followed the instructions. I’m really disappointed with this because I didn’t have this happen before and it leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Anyway I’ll keep using it and do the ones I have already but don’t plan to make any more purchases. And the whole “contact us” if you have any problems is really misleading because I’ve never received a response from them. I did get responses from the Facebook group and I’m grateful even though their suggestions didn’t work', 'userName': 'HoleInFive...but got a bogey!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12090307, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble with some of your purchases. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-839099 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-11-27T19:04:31Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 25, 19, 6, 2), 'title': 'I really like this app', 'rating': 3}, {'review': 'Easy to place pieces with selectable rotation feature and storage trays make this puzzle app the best one ever!   Now I can put together a puzzle wherever I am.  You can go up to 400 pieces and zoom in.  It saves your progress automatically.  Just open the app and select puzzles in progress.  Find the one you were working on and it opens right where you left off.  There is a free new puzzle every day.  You can select that puzzle in as many difficulty levels as you want.  So you are really getting multiple versions free.  You can work on many puzzles at the same time.  There are also puzzles you can buy.  No pop up ads ever.  You decide if you want to watch a video after completing a puzzle.  It will not interrupt your game!   I highly recommend this app.', 'userName': 'Apriild', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 7, 1, 20, 7), 'title': 'Best Puzzle App', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'Since this has been one of my favorite games for a long time I am truly disappointed on the "new" format after the last download. To begin with there is too much on the home page. The puzzle of the day rarely downloads, the pictures on the packages I\'ve purchased don\'t come up, not all of the pictures on a to purchase pack come up to view before purchasing. Once I set the piece size in a pack it used to hold, now I have to set it almost every time; I forget sometimes and that is aggravating. The last time I downloaded a new pack it took two or three tries before it came in. I usually bought three or four puzzles a month and I see some now I think I would enjoy but I\'m not buying anything more until these issues are addressed. New and improved sometimes is not the best solution.', 'userName': 'Abeilskiler', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 2, 18, 19, 2), 'title': 'Jigsaw puzzles', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'I’ve been using this app for years without a problem and enjoyed it very much.  However, in the last couple of weeks, there has been an issue with the app recognizing puzzles as completed.  Four times now I have completed a puzzle and the next day the completed puzzle shows up in the “puzzle in progress” section.  When I go into that section, the puzzle progress is some amount less than 100%.  When I open the puzzle, any progress is erased and the pieces scatter as if it was opened for the first time.  If the puzzle is in a purchased puzzle pack, it erases the completion from the puzzle pack and I have to do it over again if I want to complete the puzzle pack.  Please fix this so that when I complete a puzzle it remains completed.', 'userName': 'Njstitcher', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 9, 22, 31, 28), 'title': 'App not working right', 'rating': 5}, {'review': "When I first got this game I loved it and every time I got back from school I would get right on my iPad and play this game. It helps me relax after a long hard day at school. I love all the different puzzles and times of genres. I also like how you can change the level of the number of puzzle pieces and how much you would get for completing it. But after one of the recent updates I think the update made it where you have to watch a video before your able to do the puzzle. After I found that out I started to play more and more less. Could you please make it so you don't have to watch a video to start the puzzle. If you did I would play it more than ever my rating would be five starts but it's four stars cause of the videos if I ok fixed this it would make my day very much bye!!! :)", 'userName': 'acecloud😎🎶😎', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 7, 1, 21, 22), 'title': 'Love the game could use some fixes.', 'rating': 4}, {'review': 'After 4 days of NO daily puzzle downloads and seeing an update finally available I was so excited, only to find out it’s now saying NO NETWORK AVAILABLE! What is this all about? My network is working perfectly fine for all my other apps. Please let me know how long I will have to wait for a daily free download puzzle? I would give this APP a 5 star until this happened, now I will take one star away because I can still do all my purchased and free puzzles without a problem. \n\nUPDATE:\nMy problem was fixed within a day or two and no problems! I absolutely love the ease of making these puzzles how you want them. I love getting the points and letting them accumulate and I am able to buy puzzles with points! Thank you for having such a great app!', 'userName': 'Nonnie Raylene', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 24, 22, 29, 40), 'title': 'Best Jigsaw Puzzle yet! BUT......', 'rating': 5}, {'review': "When I first got this app, I was recovering from a seizure that greatly mimicked a stroke. I appreciated that I could do puzzles with fewer than 100 pieces. Some days I could barely finish a 49 piece puzzle. Other days that same puzzle with 100 pieces was almost doable.  Having the ability to start the same picture with multiple piece counts was an excellent non-clinical way for me to gauge my healing. The first time I completed a 400pc puzzle, over two years after purchasing the app, I was ecstatic! \n\nWhile I don't always pay for app upgrades, this one was an easy decision and I have gotten far more than my money's worth over the years.  Using my own photos has been fun. I appreciate that the app is updated frequently and issues reported by users are addressed quickly.\n\nI have no idea when the piece count was raised over 400 (I don't typically read app update blurbs) but discovering that this morning and seeing that it extends even to the puzzle packs I purchased 3+ years ago made my morning a little brighter.\n\nJigsaw Puzzles was my second app purchase. I have never regretted my decision to support the dev team in this way and anticipate the ongoing support will continue to be excellent.", 'userName': 'MindSilk', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 23, 12, 51, 48), 'title': 'Scalable with wide variety of puzzles!', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'A good friend introduced me to jigsaw over three years ago and I’ve been totally hooked! Puzzles are so vibrant and beautiful and I’m able to take a journey to anywhere in the world, at any time, any place. It’s very user friendly, engaging and challenging. Free daily puzzles expose you to a multitude of genres, some of which perk an interest you never thought you’d have. Puzzles for purchase are reasonably priced, and the special deals can’t be beat. They’re always making improvements to better our experiences. Keep up the good work! I’m off now to a visit with the beautiful bird puzzle pack I earned by playing puzzles, and more puzzles! How cool is that? You’re the highlight to my day and a pick me up when I really need one! A huge thank you!', 'userName': 'carol needs puzzles', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 22, 15, 20, 38), 'title': 'I start everyday with a puzzle to “wake up” the neurons!', 'rating': 5}, {'review': 'I’ve been playing this app for a long time. The actual puzzle play remains good, much better IMHO than the other jigsaw app’s strip tray interface. However a recent addition, that makes the last piece glitter, has got to go, or at least be optional. And the navigation outside a puzzle has become worse and worse. You can’t move between any menu pages without clearing two or three “specials” pop ups.  And the periodic theme specials have gone from interesting to overtly ad pushing. Also seems like less and less puzzle packs are available for earned points (vice paying cash).  Last nit is a red badge you cant clear without signing into Facebook. Needs to be a “no thanks” button to get rid of it.  I’m still playing because the in-puzzle interface works well and the puzzle image collection is good.', 'userName': '10CJed', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17633381, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding that new feature. We've forwarded it to our development team for consideration and we thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts about our app. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-09-01T18:45:50Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 30, 12, 58, 51), 'title': 'Getting worse', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Puzzle difficulty for kid to adult puzzle nut', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PubDweller', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 25, 1, 43, 40), 'review': 'Love this game. I travel for work and love to download a puzzle and play during my flight. I’m and ok puzzle guy and love the difficulty setting options. Slide bar to adjust number of pieces, option to rotate pieces for added difficulty, background “table” color options you can change based on puzzle colors and more. The puzzle catalog is huge and cheap in app purchase. Also offers a free daily puzzle. Best option is to chose your favorite picture from your device photo library and make it into your puzzle. My daughter likes to take a picture when we travel of her stuffed animal and use it as her puzzle. \nLast trip guy next to me watched me play for about an hour and asked for the app name. Glad to oblige. \n\nKeep up the excellent app work.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Disappointed puzzle solver!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'perturbed solver', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 4, 5, 17, 1), 'review': 'I used to love this app. I’ve been playing it a couple of years but when I started with it, you had a choice of paying for puzzle or purchasing with coins you earned on nearly all the puzzles. Now, there are like 2 puzzles to buy with coins per every forty that you have to pay for purchase. And never any new choices in the treasure section to buy with coins so I don’t care for any of them. Most of the time now I just replay my old puzzles because I can’t afford to purchase with money and that used to be one of your great incentives to work for the coins. The other day I counted over forty puzzles in one of your sales and there were 3 that you could purchase with coins and I already had 2 of those so that could tell you how long they had been on there. Thank you for the app, just wished it was more like when I first started playing it.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18949877, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-11-06T21:15:05Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'UPDATE — Used to love this app. Now, not so much', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Tex Cat', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 3, 27, 59), 'review': 'Developer responded quickly to my review below with requests for additional information & the puzzle has not frozen since. I still dislike the watch ad to play & the Pack prices seem to flip from money to tokens & back, but at least this app’s developers respond to users and are sincere about keeping us happy.\n\nORIGINAL REVIEW: I dislike the sudden “watch an ad to play”— you are making me pay with time rather than money.\n\nBut the worst problem is that the puzzle freezes in the middle of putting it together. Absolutely nothing works. Have you put the free daily puzzle on a time-limit? Did I miss that memo? I have purchased puzzle packs, but the freeze won’t let me even get back to the app’s home page. I have to wait 12 or 24 hours for the app to return to functioning. Gah!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13495767, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Coins. If a pack that you'd like isn't available for Coins, please check back later. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!", 'modified': '2020-02-14T19:19:08Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Should be five stars!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GCMamaGC', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 0, 53, 28), 'review': 'There are so many things to love about this app...huge variety of puzzles, many free puzzles, puzzle sales, plus the way the game is so full of choices to make the play fun and relaxing.  This should be a five star app.  My problem is after a recent update, the game takes forever to load...starts, then quits, often ten or more times.  This is very frustrating.  Plus, when I try to claim my free coins,  I constantly get the message "network unavailable, please check your network connection."  This is annoying because I know I am connected, and the fix they suggest means leaving the game to toggle the wifi off and on and then return to the game. So then you have to try multiple times to get back on.  I have tried to get help, but you can\'t even do that as the message claims the server can\'t be reached.', 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Love it', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Whitecatstudio', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 19, 21, 59, 17), 'review': 'I wasn’t sure how jigsaws would work on an iPad, but I really enjoy this app. The free version gives you a daily puzzle, and then you can purchase others if you choose. There is a good variety of scenic puzzles, colorful objects, cute pets, artwork, and seasonal things. I am particularly fond of escaping into the dreamscapes and gardens. \n\nThe app lets you set the size of the pieces so you can vary the challenge level. There is music, but I usually have it muted. Recent upgrades have the pieces make a satisfying crunch as they snap into place and click together, and now they also light up for a second when you get it right. \n\nThere are ads at the bottom, but they don’t distract. It is so satisfying to sit down at the end of a stressful day and make order as you watch a lovely castle or cute puppy emerge.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Don’t love it anymore', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MR1999', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 10, 14, 42, 32), 'review': 'I have used this puzzle app probably every day for years and have completed countless puzzles. However, as of the last 6 months or so, it has gone downhill. I am guessing someone else purchased this app. To start with the daily puzzles have been horrible. Maybe a 5 year old would enjoy doing them, but most adults probably not. The trays that used to be on the bottom are now on the sides which are always getting in the way. I don’t know what the point is in collecting points, because you can no longer buy a descent puzzle pack with the points. As many others have mentioned too many ads, distractions, and crashes.  I am so disappointed in this app now. The cost for puzzle packs is too high and you can no longer use points to buy any puzzle pack.  I have switched to turning my own photos into puzzles. Sorry to see this app take such a steep decline. It is a shame such a good app has been destroyed.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 21621553, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-03-12T21:29:59Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'Was a Great App', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ModelT1949', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 2, 40, 55), 'review': 'I loved this app but an update was thrust upon its players that has ruined this app! We no longer have control over how those of us who have been loyal players to make the different puzzles. We now receive all of the pieces in a specific order without any challenge at all. Who wants to just move pieces from a ribbon to the empty square where the puzzle is put together. So sad this that this app is now like color by number. All you do is start at one end of the ribbon that is now used and click each piece in order very monotonous no challenge at all. If you change to more pieces all you receive is more pieces. I so hope this app makes changes and goes back to how it once was and let us loyal players be challenged by creating different strategies depending on the puzzles you want to make. The only thing I get from the latest update is a sore shoulder joint because of repetitive motions over and over. Why they ruined a great app is beyond me??? I so hope they go back to what they were.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19528083, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-03T23:28:36Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'What was broke ??', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Grouper Guy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 18, 18, 13), 'review': 'I’ve had and used this for yrs., but really did not enjoy working anything much over over the 400 pc until the multi trays were added. \nI as rule of thumb try NOT to update until have to or it does automatically for these reasons. \nThe new, latest greatest is backing up.\nMy question is — What was wrong with the multiple trays to store pieces in ?\nA classic example of fixing something that wasn’t wrong ? \nOr cutting costs by getting rid of the data space that had to be used by your sight to store that bit of info ?\nFor a fair trial to see how much more time consuming it is now, I went and worked a puzzle I’d ALREADY done before. ( which actually should’ve been faster having done before ) \nSame count 1000+ pc puzzle ( Christmas wrapping paper ) not having separate trays to store pieces be in except the one box added near 2-1/2 hrs. \nEspecially with the tray background being dark gray ( which I cannot find a way to change that)\nMaybe if it could be changed to at least match the same background I chose to work puzzles with makes it terrible when edges of pieces may have dark or black on their edge !!\nSome puzzles need a different color background.\nUnfortunately for now, I’ve cut the tray option off & now back 600 pc or less. \nReally hope you’ll add the multi tray option back.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19354153, 'body': 'Thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-11-25T21:09:28Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Too many pop ups and delays', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'yesthisisheather', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 18, 18, 36, 53), 'review': 'I’m only writing this review because for the past month or so, every time I either launch this app or switch to it, I get a nagging popup insisting that I rate the app - either now or later. There is no “no thanks” option they insist I write them a review, and I can’t do anything else in the app until I respond to this stupid, nagging popup. \n\nAs if that weren’t enough, every time I finish a puzzle, and often immediately after I dismiss the “Rate Us!!!” window, I get a separate advertising popup (“buy more puzzles!!!”) that also has to be navigated and closed before I can pick another puzzle. This used to show up less frequently.  \n\nAlso, their new UI changes SLOW DOWN your gameplay - for example, you now have to sit through several seconds of useless graphics when you finish a puzzle, and you can’t do anything (scroll through your images, or pick another puzzle) until their “you finished a puzzle!” animation is done. \n\nNow the popup annoyances are almost enough to drive me from the app - though I’ve bought enough puzzle packs that it would mean abandoning the purchases. I’d recommend you find a different puzzle app - one that prizes user experience.', 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzles are relaxing.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "Mama' Hot Stuff", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 23, 0, 31), 'review': 'Enjoying the free daily’s. Great variety of subjects! Thanks for the fun!\nI would love to give Jigsaw Puzzles five stars, but I am so frustrated by the constant freezing of motion on my screen. I have reported this many times, I sometimes just get the puzzle corners up and it freezes, or in the middle of finishing my puzzle, it freezes. I have done all the self help things suggested by you and followed your directives, but it is Not just once in awhile it is almost every day. I love working Jigsaw Puzzles, but I wonder, since I’m on my Laptop, if certain places my hand touches is what makes this happen. For instance, I mute the Sound, it freezes my picture, I touch the edges of my Laptop it freezes, the commercials keep going though. I check my settings often to make sure my WiFi is on, it freezes?? This is my wind down game, please help fix this problem. Joyce Carpenter', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15425604, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-930306 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-05-19T18:22:59Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Stop unfixing what isn’t wrong....PLEASE!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'why dont you stop', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 28, 20, 49, 33), 'review': 'I ABHOR the latest unupdate.  All the pieces are on the edge of the screen where it is EXTREMELY arduous to get. It is VERY FRUSTRATING.  I wish I could get back to the way it was before. The only thing you should change is the house icon. It needs a cancel system like the one on the scatter pieces icon. PLEASE put the screen back the way it was before.... PLEASE... I don’t enjoy playing as much as I did before. I certainly can’t see buying more puzzle packs just to be frustrated.  I am looking for other games that I will enjoy more.       PLEASE PUT A FAIL SAFE ON THE HOUSE ICON!!!   I’ve hit that darn thing at least 2 dozen times with every puzzle I make.  It’s a pain!!!    I LOVE the Puzzle selections and have many favorites, especially the Wooster Scott!  Just please fix the house icon so I can truly enjoy all my puzzles!  Thank you!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12191718, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-03T21:01:31Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Love it!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BabyBugO', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 10, 13, 14, 6, 33), 'review': 'I really love puzzles and enjoy this app a lot! I’d love it more if it had a color filter option though. I think that feature would make it awesome! \n\nOther options I would like regarding purchasing puzzles: perhaps a one-time fee to unlock all puzzles or a monthly subscription to do the same thing or to unlock a certain number of puzzles. I’d love to have the option to pick which puzzles in a puzzle pack I want to do since often there are ones I’m not interested in doing. Maybe some daily reward points for logging in to the app that allow you to use them toward a new puzzle pack or the ability to complete so many puzzles and achievements to earn free puzzles. \n\nOne more feature I think users would like an option to ‘un-scatter’ the pieces back to the center. My kid would also LOVE a dinosaur puzzle pack 😉', 'developerResponse': {'id': 5548340, 'body': 'Hi BabyBugO,\n\nThank you so much for your suggestions about adding a color filter, subscription plan, "un-scatter" button and new dinosaur puzzle packs!\n\nOur team reads every single review so we really appreciate you taking the time to share how we can make your game experience even better! I\'m also happy to let you know that we have an update planned for the very near future which will check off one of the items on your list! Look out for that in the coming weeks.\n\nThanks for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!', 'modified': '2018-10-17T21:35:02Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Jigsaw puzzles', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Teams987', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 16, 30, 45), 'review': 'Terrific app! This is much better than the store bought and much less expensive. I try to do a free puzzle each day or start it to do later. Occupies much of my time because I don’t want to put it down! I’ve bought quite a few puzzle sets and never disappointed! Thanks so much for a great game app!\n\nThis app is the best of others I have tried. Puzzles are always enough to peak my interest in challenging myself to see how quickly I can complete a puzzle in the various number of pieces. Puzzles are beautiful, many themes to enjoy at anytime. You can easily take a break and pick up at a later time with no penalty or erasures. This has become part of my morning routine and always anxious to see what the puzzle of the day may be. Enjoy!  M Franco', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23528746, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-22T16:54:01Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Free daily puzzle!!!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sleeper1962', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 21, 14, 3, 52), 'review': 'I enjoy this app very much. If the trays at the top annoy you, you can go into the app settings and scroll down to the bottom and turn it off. That being said, this is a fantastic way to exercise your mind. It’s relaxing and much less expensive than tabletop puzzles. There are in app purchases available and the prices are very reasonable. I have seen some priced as low as 99 cents!! And that’s for a puzzle pack, not a single puzzle! You have a choice on a couple things: you can raise and lower the puzzle piece amounts and you can turn rotate off and on. The rotation thing is something I haven’t tried. I am not that good at puzzles! But I enjoy these. Some pictures are easy and some are insanely difficult and everything in between. Great app!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14222623, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We appreciate you taking the time to leave a thoughtful review of our app and its features. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-03-24T20:25:23Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Mobility ware jigsaw', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lauddida', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 7, 30, 7), 'review': 'A great pastime, low stress game that works well. It’s a major battery hog though. I’ve noticed that the increase in frequency and number of pop-up ads coincides with the longer load times for the game. It’s annoying that even when I wanted to shop for a new puzzle set I had to shut down the pop-up ads again, then to return to my puzzle - shut down the ads again. I had difficulty scrolling down through the Store. It seems to me this app may be too unwieldy for an iPad any more. I have to always make sure everything else is turned off before loading this game. The long load time requires much patience and if I even briefly go to the browser for something I have to reload Jigsaw and go through the ads again before getting back to the puzzle I was just working on. Really, this is not as easy to play as it used to be.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20071455, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-1045305 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-29T20:35:36Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Wonderful', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Misscassie0406', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 19, 19, 27, 52), 'review': "Love this app.  I did notice the puzzle in progress is a little slow to come up.  Other than that I enjoy, enjoy, enjoy.\n\nThis new update...stinks.  I'm trying to give you only 1 star but it won't let me.  Read what others say about new update...agree with them all.   Shame on you 💔💔💔\n\nYou had another update on 3/18 which makes the pieces easier to move.  Thank you for that.  Back up to 4 stars.  Now an observation:  when you ask for help on the next piece to place it starts in the lower left hand corner and goes up. Then the next column is filled, then the next column. It continues until the puzzle is complete...left to right.\n\nChanged the rating down to 3 stars!  What is with “you have found a piece of the mystery puzzle”?  And then nothing.  It’s like the time before where I found all these pieces of Americana but received nothing, not even a count.  Come on people, start reading the reviews and act on the suggestions and requests!\n\nI kept this as a 3 star because of how you took all of the help buttons and made it very difficult for left handed people by placing them on the right.  Really!  If this is your idea of improvement, think again. Please put them back!!   Also, had to really struggle to get the last 5 pieces due to where they were placed on the board.", 'developerResponse': {'id': 19349827, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-25T15:48:46Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'If you like jigsaw puzzles this is the one to get!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Phyllneum', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 20, 22, 48, 23), 'review': "I've used this app since it first came on the market and have played the free daily puzzle every single day for years. It's become my morning ritual. It's a flawless puzzle app in the way it works, and I love that's it's always being upgraded. My only complaint is that it's getting harder for the app to kick in. It takes several tries to get into the app before I can use it. I don't know if it's the app or my slow Internet service to blame, but I have to try to open it several times before I can play. One tiny feature I would like added is the ability to see how much power is left on the iPad so I can gauge myself better. If you like jigsaw puzzles this is the one to get. You won't be disappointed.", 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Paid version no longer ad-free', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MalwasechteKase', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 15, 47, 49), 'review': 'I paid for the ad-free version a couple metals ago, and for a long time it was great. I’d have given it 5 stars, even though you still had to close a daily pop-up about their latest puzzle pack.  However since their Lunar New Year “event” in late January 2020, the number of pop-up dialog boxes you have to manually close has shot up to the point where I don’t want to use the app any more.  They‘ve been having events going on practically continuously since then, with 2-3 pop ups you have to close per puzzle (some before, some after), you “earn” items by doing puzzles, collect X items to earn a free puzzle.  I don’t want a bloody free puzzle, I want to do the puzzles I’ve purchased in peace!  And now they’ve started doing pop-ups offering free in-game coins for watching an ad.  FYI MobilityWare: that is an ad to watch an ad.  I’m done with you!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13815222, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-app messages. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-02T21:14:58Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Scared to update because of negative reviews.', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'TexasBluebonnetGirl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 19, 15, 59, 2), 'review': 'Love this app, but each update causes fear of messing up a good thing.  This has happened more than once.  For the last few weeks the majority of reviews are 1 star and complain about the update.  PLEASE DON’T CHANGE A GOOD APP JUST TO MAKE CHANGES!    \n\nMy old comments still apply: I have been using this app for years and love the puzzles. I have bought way too many puzzle packs and was thrilled when we could earn credits to buy packs. In the beginning all packs could be purchased with coins. Now only a handful of the older less popular packs can be purchased with coins. So my question is why go through all those ads with the treasure chests when the coins can’t be used for anything good? Huge waste of time with no payoff. Jigsaw Puzzle tells everyone to go to the Treasure Box for puzzles that can be acquired with coins.  The treasure box has a small and poor selection of unpopular packs.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17546113, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Credits! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a large selection of packs available for Credits. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-08-27T22:02:32Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'Horrible Changes', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'KrisyNY', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 7, 1, 55, 22), 'review': 'I have been playing this for as long as I can remember. I myself own over 700 puzzle packs. This last year the changes have been absolutely TERRIBLE!! You can no longer buy all packs with coins unless the game developers decide it’s a pack people aren’t buying anyway. They have also tripled the amount of coins it does cost and raised the price for purchasing coins (why would I buy coins when it’s cheaper to pay cash? Duh!!). At any given time they change the rules—-very very disappointing to a long time user. Now the game can’t even support itself — as you are playing it freezes then kicks you out. I had to reopen the app 27 times to finish a 100 piece daily puzzle today. That is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE. The IT department has really dropped the ball!! Please don’t advise me to buy the PRO version I already have that too!\n\nI just saw your response to this and it is ridiculous. That was your response to me 2 years ago when I gave you a good rating when the game was fun!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 6503741, 'body': 'Hi KrisyNY,\n\nThank you so much for the 5-star rating and for playing Jigsaw Puzzle! We love when players give us suggestions for how we can improve their game experience so we really appreciate your suggestion about adding more diversity to the puzzles. Our team considers all feedback during development so we thank you for yours!', 'modified': '2018-12-21T16:58:39Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'RASfuel', 'title': 'Used to love it before the last update, now I hate it.', 'review': 'Was a fantastic way to spend a few minutes a day. Bought various expansion packs on occasion in the past, however I’m really developing a hatred for this game since the last update. The board won’t sit still. Pieces are scattered far to close to the edge of the playing area and grabbing the pieces then becomes a arduous process. The board moves rather than the piece. You can sometimes tap the background and the board will set back in place and then grab the piece you want, but most times it doesn’t set and I’m hitting the tablet ever harder to get the board to stop moving. It very frustrating. Please fix it, or I guess I will have to dump the game just so I don’t end up throwing my iPad against the wall in frustration.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 10, 15, 9, 46), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20690760, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-01-27T16:15:36Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Terriboberry', 'title': 'Changes have lowered my rating', 'review': 'Up until a month or more ago, I would have given this puzzle app 10 stars out of 5!  However, a couple of changes have taken some of my joy.  \n1.  Way too many ads.  To open a puzzle to work on, I have to close at least 2 ads, sometimes more!  And to get out of a finished puzzle?  Holy moley!  \n2.  First you gave us 4 moveable trays for sorting, which I grew to love!  Then you take all but one away and it cannot be moved!  What is the point of one sorting tray you can only use to sort one category of pieces!  Heck, I could use 8-10 trays!  Also, there is no “cursor” on the tray to tell you how close I am to either end of the tray.  Very frustrating to not know where in the tray a piece might be located or how close I am to certain colours or shapes.  \n3.  There is only a forward arrow for the backgrounds!  If I accidentally pass a background that would work well for the current puzzle, I have to go through ALL the backgrounds to get back to the one I missed.  \n4.  I love the free daily puzzles and spend WAY too much of my free time on the app.  Puzzles have always been a favorite way to spend my time.  Please bring back some of the features of the previous upgrade:  more sorting trays, fewer ads, and easier navigation inside the trays and backgrounds.  \nThank you.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 22, 20, 28, 58), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19548556, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for this report. Our development team has released an update that may address this issue. We recommend that you update the application to the latest version. We apologize for the inconvenience and please Contact Us if you run into any other issues. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-04T18:06:44Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Romance writer 2', 'title': 'Loved it but now???', 'review': 'I’ve played this game for years. Loved it.  Now all at once I have to try to get my pieces from out of the bottom tray. I hate the tray idea as do many of my friends-  I wish they’d take it away. Also recently every time you try to play it, it shuts down and you have to bring it back up and it shuts down every time you bring it up I don’t know what’s wrong with this game at this time, however I sure wish they would fix it and stop messing with it. It shuts off for an hour or two and then if I’m lucky, I can bring it back up. It was a good game I bought quite a few puzzles but I don’t plan on buying anymore until they can get the bugs worked out of it. I only gave it a three star and that was being generous for right now. Because of the way it keeps shutting down. Please fix it.  I’d love to do my puzzles!! \nThank you! \nDisappointed 😢', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 23, 12, 13), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Aunt Vicki G', 'title': 'I love the jigsaw puzzles', 'review': "I have been going these jigsaw puzzles for years and still love doing them.  I look forward to the free puzzle every day and my sister and I compare completion times to see who solves them faster.  The sets for sale usually have about 40 puzzles, which is a great value for the couple of dollars you pay for each set.  I watch to see when they go on sale to save even more.  I have recommended this to all my puzzle friends and family.  \n\nThank you for hours of fun every week.\n\nUPDATE:  I have been doing these puzzles for a few years now and still feel the same - that is to say I love it.  I do the free puzzle everyday, even after surgery on both my hands.  The puzzle sets for sale are a great value and the sales terrific.    My only complaint is that I recently got a new iPad and was not able to transfer the puzzle sets I had already purchased on my old iPad to the new one.\n\nUPDATED UPDATE:  So my above complaint was unfounded.  I didn't realize there were two versions and I had downloaded the wrong one.  When I downloaded the right version I was easily able to download all the puzzles I had previously bought.  Thank you so much for hours of fun.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 15, 16, 57, 24), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'MommaTanya', 'title': 'Favorite app', 'review': 'I love this app. I’ve had this app for years. It get better and better with every update. I play every day. I purchase puzzle packs, but I also love to make my own puzzles. I sometimes use photos I take, but I also like to find nice photos and art on line and make puzzles from those. I have a never ending supply of puzzles to carry with me where ever I go. This is great when in the waiting room at the doctors office. The grandkids like to play when they come over. They like to take photos with my iPad, then make the photos into puzzles. They can set it for whatever size puzzle they like. They also use a coloring book app to make pictures and save on the iPad, then make their masterpieces into puzzles. So much fun for all ages and so many ways to enjoy it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 10, 3, 49, 13), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'dumbdumbgameplayer', 'title': 'A lot of fun….', 'review': 'The only problem I have had was I work on a puzzle and leave it for a while, sometimes when I come back, it shows that I didn’t work on it at all.  Some that I have finished show up like I never worked on them at all.  It would be nice if I could have several puzzles going at the same time and not lose anything.  Otherwise I enjoy the puzzles and have bought a lot of the packages.  The pictures are wonderful.  I like when it shows that I completed a puzzle, and how many pieces I used.  It would be nice if share the picture is from would last a little longer when it is finished.  Or even better if you could go through before you do them and see exactly where the location is.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 0, 48, 27), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 15951234, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! We're glad to hear that you're enjoying the app, and we appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please feel free to Contact Us from within the app's Settings if you have any questions or additional feedback to share. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-06-12T18:00:02Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Tygrissy', 'title': 'The best!!!', 'review': 'I have tried many different jigsaw puzzle apps through the years. I became very bored with the very few puzzles they offered or always had issues with their apps crashing. \n\nBut NOT this app. This app is absolutely amazing!!!! I have been playing on it for a month now. I have never had the app crash. There are plenty of free and beautiful puzzles to do. And they also have “specials” that, when you finish a certain themed puzzle style, you have a chance at collecting an item (only able to collect 1 item in a 24 hour period). Once you collect 3, they give you a free puzzle or more. You may have to do several puzzles before you find one, but that’s the fun part =)\n\nYou get coins after finishing puzzles, and once you gather enough coins, you are able to buy some puzzle packs. The coins you receive for completing them vary with the difficulty level you choose and also if you choose to be able to rotate pieces or not (higher coins for rotating). This is a FREE app with in app purchases or the ability to earn free puzzles without paying, so the rate of getting coins is a little slow. I do not mind one bit.\n\nYou have found yourself a loyal customer!!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 2, 23, 45), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 24165405, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're continuing to have trouble opening the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-53816 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-07-27T22:11:32Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'bythelamppost', 'title': 'NOT EVEN OPENING', 'review': 'Your app won’t open. It shows the 100% like it’s about to open and then it closes. I have a lot invested in all my puzzles. I don’t appreciate not being able to work them. You have pop ups constantly now which is very irritating ! I’m tired of being ignored. I have paid for quite a few puzzles that I can’t work. Please fix this app ! Same thing.  Doesn’t want to download. Shows the bar going across to 100% and then closes. Won’t download. Shows the bar to about 10% & quits. I’ve spent a lot of money on puzzles & I can’t play any of them any more. Have had trouble for a long time. If you can’t keep this working, I want my money back on all my puzzles. This is ridiculous ! I can’t download the program ! PLEASE FIX THIS ! Trouble again. Will download but very slow & then closes. Can’t work any puzzles !\nOnce again, my puzzles won’t load.  Works for a while, then I can’t get my puzzles.  Very tiresome.\nOnce again, won’t load.  Gets to about 90% & goes off.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 16, 45, 57), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20070181, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-29T18:44:27Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Paintky333', 'title': 'New update terrible', 'review': 'I have loved this app and play it daily.  New update makes moving the pieces difficult and very jerky.  Despite buying several puzzle packs I am tempted to try another app.\n\nChanged my review to 5 star.   Above problem fixed quickly and when free daily puzzle quit downloading the help team responded quickly to fix.   They are very responsive to customers having any problems.   I am an addict of this app and play it daily.   Love the different puzzles offered.  Also love the addition of being able to see the title of the puzzle again once you have finished it.\n\nTrying to write a review and get this page with someone else’s review.  I hate the update.   Tool bar is too big.   Can’t toggle peek back and forth.  Have to open toolbar hit peek.  Then deselect peek and close tool bar EACH TIME so can see puzzle. Please go back to small toolbar at bottom!!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 22, 13, 41, 22), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 7825699, 'body': "Hi Haa Jude, \n\nThank you for your valuable feedback. We really value you as a player and would like to provide enjoyment from our game. We are so sorry for the trouble with our latest update. Our team was recently made aware of the issues you've mentioned. We are working to get it fixed as soon as possible! We truly apologize for the inconvenience. Please Contact Us in-game Settings and select Support if you have any questions. Thank you for your patience.", 'modified': '2019-03-20T18:50:18Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Haa Jude', 'title': 'Bad update', 'review': 'I wish I could go back and undo the recent update.  This was the best jigsaw puzzle app prior to the update, I never had a problem with any aspect of it.  But now I have extreme difficulty moving the pieces around.  It put the puzzle in a square table mode that I totally dislike.  I finally figured out how to go back to full table mode, but it won’t change the puzzles that got put in square table mode to full table.  I used to find this game relaxing and fun.  Now it is frustrating and not enjoyable.  It has gone from a five star rating by me to a one star.  I believe in the saying if it’s not broken don’t fix it!  Constantly doing upgrades is not always a good thing, this last update is proof of that.  Can you go back to how it was before?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 14, 7, 27), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14369194, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry that you've had some trouble making purchases in the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-905640 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-31T18:17:14Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'drunim', 'title': 'Love it!', 'review': 'I love this app. I love the free daily puzzles. There are lots of colorful puzzles to choose from encompassing many themes. They even have free packs to download and you can purchase puzzle packs with the coins you earn. I like that there are a lot of choices in the settings. It is easy to change the background color when I need too. You can choose the number of pieces from 4 to 800+. This allows children to be able to use this app too. It is something we can do together. You can set it to rotate the pieces or to keep the “right side up”. There are many other setting too. What I’m not happy about is that I for several months I have not been able to view and purchase puzzle packs. I can see the packs available but when I try to view the puzzles in the pack I can’t; they don’t display.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 26, 15, 8, 41), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13404506, 'body': "Thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. If a pack that you'd like isn't available for credits, please check back later. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!", 'modified': '2020-02-10T18:26:57Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Mortimer55', 'title': 'Hmm...', 'review': 'First, this app works well.  I like that you can choose the number of pieces and whether to lock orientation.  I like the free daily puzzle.  When I first downloaded this app, I bought several puzzle packs, then got busy and didn’t play for a while.  When I came back, there was a pop up every day, advertising a sale on puzzle packs.  The next week, another sale.  This went on for a couple of months.  Many packs were on sale for $1.99 or 1,990 credits.\n\nI worked and worked puzzles for several months.  Finally!  I had almost 1,990 credits!  Then, suddenly, no more sales.  Not one.  Not on the weekends, like before.  Every puzzle pack now “costs” twice as many points as before.  Sure looks like it was programmed to move the reward further away just as I got close.  I’ll continue to work through the puzzles I’ve already bought, as well as the free one, but you won’t get a dime more of my money.  Not cool, guys.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 9, 1, 56, 55), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'dobbynme', 'title': 'Puzzles are great, BUT . . .', 'review': 'I would give this a 5 star rating except for 2 things:  1. Memos that pop up as messages during the day asking if this wouldn\'t be a great time to do a puzzle- or something similar. Very annoying when I am busy!  2. When I finish a puzzle and try to back out of the app I am often unable to close the game adverts that pop up - I keep getting sent to the app store because of the location of the "x."\n\nSome time has passed since the first review. The advertising has gotten WORSE. Is this a free app or not?  I feel as though I am being pushed into upgrading. They should concentrate on making the upgrade so much better rather than annoying you into paying for it. It isn’t going to work-I will delete it first. Unhappy.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 26, 7, 34, 49), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 5, 'userName': 'seasalli', 'title': 'Gone downhill with the new update.', 'review': 'I played this puzzle app frequently over the last few years and it was perfect. I paid for new puzzles and they gave you lots of options as to what pac of puzzles you could purchase. But now, several  ads pop up in your face before and after you are working on the puzzle and lately they pop up even when solving the puzzle. Now today, they updated it again and it is really BAD. There is only one tray for puzzle pieces instead of the 4 that was offered before. So you must scroll thru the whole tray to try to find the piece that may fit. Very time consuming and tedious. I used to separate the colors in the puzzle to the four trays. Cannot do that now. So frustrated with this “update”. UGH.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 16, 4, 8, 43), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19628932, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the latest update. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-1027088 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-08T21:59:43Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'kshutters98', 'title': 'I like it less with every update!', 'review': 'This used to be my all-time favorite app! I’ve had it for years. Every time there is an update, I like it less and less.  Things freeze on me. TONS of pop-ups.  I absolutely hate the menu bar on the right hand side. It was so much nicer when it was across the bottom, and not in the way of your puzzle.  I really like the coin feature when you added it, and it was nice to be able to use them towards a new puzzle pack, but I just looked through your entire list of puzzle packs and there were only 2 packs coins could be used on.  I think it would be nice in your next update if you included a feature to mark puzzle packs that we are interested in buying, like a little icon to add it to favorites or something because sometimes I see packs that I like, but not ready to buy a new one and then I have to look through them all over again when I am ready.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 5, 1, 36, 16), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': '@&*#%,.', 'title': '“Improvements” are too much', 'review': 'I used to love this app and used it for several years, buying puzzles and making my own too. Too many changes to the interface, too close together have almost ruined this app for me. And the quality of the puzzles for sale has sharply declined in the last year. I hate those annoying goals and “offers” they now nag you about. \n\nI don’t want an interactive experience. I want to buy or make good puzzles and play them in peace. This app used to be pure stress relief, especially in time of pandemic quarantine and personal injury and illness. Now it has become so annoying with recent interface changes that I don’t know if I’ll continue to use it. That annoying white control bar hinders play. It takes more keystrokes to access some functions. You had a great app, you had my $$ for new puzzles. Why fix it if it ain’t broke?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 22, 18, 41), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Puzzler Relaxed', 'title': 'Nostalgic: Grateful Loving Hearts at Thanksgiving!', 'review': 'This puzzle was nostalgic, pulling us in for simple love & gratitude for a son coming home safely from service. I enjoyed every minute it took. It was a bit harder than I thought it would be, but so enjoyable to do. \nSome I can’t wait just to be finished.\nI love jigsaw puzzles. One of my gripes, however, is that it doesn’t fit well on my iPad page & there’s not much space to work. I’m making mistakes pulling pieces & trying to fit things.\nAnother thing I don’t like is asking one to rate a puzzle. On what facet: do I like the picture, difficulty, appreciation, how it’s cut, fun, etc. \nSome, like Van Gogh’s, are very difficult but my appreciation for his art was deepened so much. I can’t understand how he could paint like that. Almost nothing related from one piece to another; yet they were ingenious paintings.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 29, 2, 52, 22), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 1, 'userName': 'just fix it already!', 'title': 'So very disappointed!', 'review': 'I’ve had this puzzle app for years and recently paid for the upgrade because I use it so much. I have not been able to do a puzzle since the last upgrade done. I have contacted support three times and I have not received one response which is in direct contrast to their claim that they try to answer every issue. The first thing I noticed was that the puzzle pieces did not really move around well. This is not my iPad everything else works perfectly. Then a few days later and this is what my last to support request have been about,Space I can’t rotate the pieces at all so this app is literally gone from being a wonderful relaxing\nway to spend time to a piece of junk just using up space on my iPad.  Every time I open it to check if anything is changed the logo for a company called I think it’s mobility where comes up.  I’m pretty much ready to delete this app and purchase a different package. I keep hesitating because I’ve loved it so much!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 11, 53, 45), 'isEdited': False}, {'rating': 3, 'userName': 'writeitout', 'title': 'Fixes Created More Flaws', 'review': 'Please consider returning to where you were with this app a few updates ago, before you started trying to speed things up. It’s not like it was that slow to load in the first place, but now it’s nearly impossible to pick up the pieces. I have to lock the screen now just so it doesn’t pull away, because it’s so much more likely to grab the background than any of the pieces now. Even with the lock on, I can barely get the pieces to attach. It’s become so much more tedious and frustrating to do these puzzles where it was so easy before. Honestly, the only complaint I had before is that when you scatter the pieces, they go too far to the borders of the app so that when you try to grab a piece, you end up swiping menus outside the app instead. Please go back. I seriously can’t play anymore with things the way they are now.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 22, 11, 15), 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 7200834, 'body': "We would like to figure out why you're having issues restoring your purchases so that we can prevent it from happening in the future! Please open the in-game Settings page, select Support and then Contact Us so that our team can get more information about the device that you are using. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-02-07T20:29:16Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'userName': '02212004', 'title': 'AWEOME but with one HUGE problem.', 'review': 'This app is amazing. The puzzles are very detailed, they aren’t very expensive, and there are a ton of free ones. The sheer range of subject matter is enormous, so there’s always something cool to see. But, as I said, there’s one big problem: purchased puzzle packs don’t transfer between devices. If you buy any puzzle packs, not only will you lose access to them, but the game won’t realize it, meaning that not only have you lost your puzzles, but you can’t re-buy them. This is almost certainly a bug, but until it is fixed, I just think that everyone should be aware, so I wrote this in case some people aren’t.\n\nP.S: Before you say “well, you should have just hit Restore”, I did. It only gives you the option to restore free puzzle packs, so that doesn’t get you anywhere.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 4, 3, 18, 31), 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 20, 22, 57, 28), 'userName': 'grandma sweetpants', 'title': 'Entertaining and calming!', 'review': 'I love doing these puzzles. They keep my brain sharp and are entertaining too. I also find them calming when my household erupts ( we are dealing with a chronically difficult medical condition in our home). I love to share them with my nieces and nephews when they visit - they can be adjusted to make the difficulty and number of pieces age appropriate so everybody can successfully build a puzzle. I shared today with an anxious youngster who was with her dad in the doctors waiting room. I pulled out the iPad and let her pick her favorite picture (puppies!) and set the number of pieces to 16. We sat together and did the puzzle, completing it just as her dad was called back for his appointment. He was very appreciative of the distraction for his daughter. I recommend these for everybody.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 16, 0, 12, 45), 'userName': 'CocoJohnston', 'title': 'Love the portability', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14198214, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the available packs. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-23T21:07:45Z'}, 'review': 'Have loved jigsaw puzzles since I was a young child. The part I didn’t like was that it took over the dining table until it was finished. I love having this in a format I can take with me anywhere. They have apparently “improved” it recently and took away the ability to zoom in very close on the preview of the completed picture. That was one of my favorite features and why I am not giving this a five-star rating. I enjoyed seeing details that weren’t visible in the screen-sized finished puzzle.\n...a year or two later:\nI am impatient with the choices for new puzzles. I’ve purchased and worked every puzzle that has beautiful scenery, and all the newer ones are paintings, food or patterns. Please add some more scenery photos. I’m getting bored with puzzles that aren’t worth working. Who wants to look work 10 min just to see a plate of cookies? Not I.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 9, 16, 33, 3), 'userName': 'Crystal Bird', 'title': 'Control bar', 'review': 'Please, please, please move the control bar back to the bottom of the screen. I’ve had this app for years. Any changes before this have only taken a minute to get used to. It’s been a few weeks, and I’m still annoyed with this one. It covers part of the puzzle when I use it, which never happened when the bar was on the bottom. \nAlso, when hitting ‘home’, it doesn’t take me to the home page without asking another ‘question’. Another little annoying change is when the puzzle shrinks upon placement of the second to last piece. Please leave it full-size for the duration. \nI still give this app a 5/5....it’s the best! Just tweak a few things; changes aren’t always for the better.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 4, 23, 59, 36), 'userName': 'duckdonold', 'title': 'Love puzzles but need help from someone', 'review': 'I love these puzzles but lately I have a problem and I sent it to you. After a week I still have not heard from anyone. I have about 10 puzzles in my progress area which I have completed. But instead of going back to the puzzle pack I purchased or just going away since it was a daily puzzle they go back into the PROGRESS area as if I have not completed already. So it just keeps getting larger. Please help......I like to keep my in progress cleared and like to know which puzzles of completed. I buy quite a lot of puzzles from you and would really appreciate some help. \nI’m not leaving any personal info here for all to see but you have enough info from my purchases and from this email I last sent to you. Please please get in touch. \nThank you.......', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 15, 1, 25, 43), 'userName': 'momom56', 'title': 'Ignores consumers questions', 'developerResponse': {'id': 8766226, 'body': "Hello momom56, thank you for reviewing us! I am very sorry to hear the updates have caused so much frustration for you, and that your last experience in reaching out to us was unsatisfactory for you. We would very much like to make it up to you, and help you resolve any problems you're encountering. Please reach out to Support via Settings, Help & Support, Contact us and provide a brief description of the issue as well as MW-543069 so we know your inquiry is tied to this review. We look forward to helping you get your game back in working order!", 'modified': '2019-05-20T23:52:43Z'}, 'review': 'Since the new update so many issues which I’m not going to get into since so many have done so already. My biggest complaint is not getting any response to my questions or problems. I send you an email on the puzzle site and you don’t have the decency to respond & give help. You have even asked for my email address which I have given & I have waited & waited for a response & none to my email either. And why do you even need my email address anyway when you can just respond on your site. You just very disrespectfully ignore people playing your game. \nYou provide free ads for 10 credits, however, it never works. It always says either check connection or no free ads at this time. Really!  Free ads should be available & provided when hitting that’s button for that purpose. \nI give you 1 star but you deserve 0 zero for ignoring & not responding promptly when someone reaches out to you. AND you should make it easier to contact you.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 13, 15, 12), 'userName': 'vo_angel', 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'review': "This is a very nice game. The best part is they offer a daily puzzle so one can try & decide if one would like more & purchase the bundle.\n\nWhen I first downloaded the game they would offer free batches of games...I do miss that. Also it would be nice if one starts a daily puzzle & finds out you don't care to finish it that one could have a visual button to delete current puzzle. It's available but you have to find it.\n\nDuring last update it made the playing board smaller so less room to position puzzle pieces. Also the play bar at bottom now disappears below and we have to hit the down arrow to bring up the playing bar to view puzzle as needed. The puzzle pieces are more difficult to more like they are stuck & you have to play with each piece to get them to move in place.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 6, 15, 48, 6), 'userName': 'Rnconmg13', 'title': 'Irritating upgrade', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13356851, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're glad to hear that you're happy with the new option in the Settings menu. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-07T16:04:31Z'}, 'review': 'Updated review, now 5 stars. Thank you for listening to those of us who did not like the puzzle tray on the playing space.\n A funny thing, I work the puzzles on my iPad mini and don’t have any problems that require action. However I notice at times when moving the pieces one of them seems to stick to my finger every so often. It really is funny and makes me feel like I am working with real pieces. I do have a lot of fun with this app. \n\nI love the puzzle app, but not the upgrade of the tray to put the pieces in. It is annoying to have my pieces accidentally end up in it. The tray takes up my space and I can’t figure how to remove it.  The app would be perfect if I could remove the tray. I would then give the app 5 stars!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 2, 31, 19), 'userName': 'Redrockgal', 'title': 'Please Bring back the last version!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19528099, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-12-03T23:31:46Z'}, 'review': 'I liked this jigsaw puzzle app better than others that I have tried. I usually do three 144- piece puzzles a day as I find it relaxing and fun. The graphics are very good. Great puzzle choices and you can adjust the number of pieces. I have played it for years! However, today I opened it up today and the toolbar is no longer at the bottom of the screen. It now requires an extra step to open it up and it takes up the entire right side where I usually have pieces laid out. Although, it has been very good to use and play up until today, the developers have a desire to keep “improving” it. Needless to say, I am no longer going to use it and will look for another app to use instead. I’m sad to see it changed to this point. It would be nice if you surveyed your users who purchase puzzles from you and frequently use the game before making these changes,', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 2, 16, 13, 23), 'userName': 'Trolley Molly', 'title': 'Hate new feature', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18333831, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding that particular new feature. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-10-07T20:02:56Z'}, 'review': "As of a couple of months, when you get to the last piece to play, the board is suddenly shrunk to half the size and that piece is covered with little sparklies to let you know where it is. My eyes aren't great and that makes it hard for me to actually see it and move it to where it's supposed to go. Also, sometimes that last piece is buried on a busy background and it's kind of fun to find it. It's a challenge. You've taken the fun away by showing me where it is.\nPlease make that feature optional! Or if it is optional, I don't know where to find it in settings. Otherwise it's a five star puzzle and I've been playing it for years. \n\nAlso, occasionally I'm asked how I like a feature when I finish a puzzle. Today I was asked how I like the Preview Boost. What is a preview boost???", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 6, 0, 38, 52), 'userName': 'Pwogmd87', 'title': 'Frustrations with recent changes', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15171956, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-924609 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-05-07T20:41:46Z'}, 'review': 'Have enjoyed this puzzle app for several years now. But I find myself very frustrated with recent feature changes. Recently, there have started to be pop up messages telling me what percentage of a “required”number of puzzles in a week or month I’ve completed. Though I do not really care about completing “x amount”, I do complete at least one puzzle daily because I don’t want to miss one. Unfortunately, the built in feature seems to only count every 4th or 5th puzzle and never counts more than 2 days in a row. If you are going to add a feature that can’t seem to be disabled, then it should at least function properly. I hope the next upgrade allows that feature to be turned off or at least makes it function properly so it does not detract from the simple joy of doing the puzzles.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 11, 18, 40, 39), 'userName': 'SARAH HENLINE👧🏼', 'title': 'This game you should download please read', 'review': 'Jigsaw puzzles is fun. You get to choose how many pieces and what picture you want. But some ONLY SOME cost money. There’s FREE daily puzzles too. And you can send pictures of your puzzle to your photos. You also get coins. When you get enough coins you can buy a pack of pictures to puzzle in the store. Just click on the picture of a shopping cart to get to the shop. And the ones that cost money you can buy a let’s say 4.99 one for all the money ones for a few months. That sorta money thing. And one of the BEST parts is you can take pictures and do the puzzle get the jigsaw puzzle app! It’s soooooooooo fun and it’s also real axing for when your sick, have a headache, or just want to have real ace time.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 14, 16, 15, 59), 'userName': "Puzzlin' Away", 'title': 'Love a lot, but dragging', 'review': 'Jan, 2018\nPlease fix the moving screen.\n\n2017\nI do several puzzles a day as a break from a very intense job. l love the selection of so many types of puzzles and getting to choose how many pieces. And I love the scatter option that spreads them around the margins out of the way; allowing me to organize the pieces how I choose to. What I don’t love and was disappointed to see was not fixed in the most recent upgrade is that when I get the pieces from the very top or bottom of the screen, it often drags down my iPad’s daily scroll or drags up my iPad’s menu bar of other apps. It’s very annoying to be taken out of the puzzle so often just because I’m retrieving pieces.  This is a recent development, one I would like to see addressed ASAP!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 27, 15, 21, 36), 'userName': 'Rayne17 :)', 'title': 'Love This App', 'review': "I love this app and even got my mother-in-law addicted too :). The only thing I don't like concerns the free daily puzzle. Maybe I shouldn't complain about the free part, but here it is anyway. I have bought several groups of puzzles. When a free puzzle is downloaded and it's one in the packs I've purchased and I complete it, it doesn't show as completed in my puzzle pack. That's the only negative thing I can say. I would also say paying for the upgrade from the free app is totally worth it.\n\nUPDATE: This app gets better and better. They have added a new feature if you’re really stuck to tell you where a piece goes. And if you’ve purchased a pack and puzzles get added after your purchase, they get added for you too. Totally awesome!!", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 16, 23, 40, 19), 'userName': 'bikerterry', 'title': 'Love this app', 'developerResponse': {'id': 2806860, 'body': 'Thank you for your review of Jigsaw Puzzle and reporting the issue with this ad. We have identified the bad advertisement and blocked it from being distributed by the ad network. We suggest force closing the game and restarting the app to ensure you are no longer being interrupted by these pop-ups. We apologize for any trouble this ad issue has caused.', 'modified': '2018-03-12T17:46:58Z'}, 'review': 'Yeah, the developers had the ad banner issue fixed within a few hours from reporting the problem. What a great response time. I’m back to playing my favorite puzzle game!\n\nOriginal post:\nI’ve been playing this app for over 5 years. It keeps getting better, daily free puzzle, free puzzle packs, options for number of pieces, beautiful puzzles. However, today the ad banner at the bottom kept popping up every 5 seconds and rerouting to my web browser interrupting my game. Extremely annoying. I understand having an ad banner at the bottom but it shouldn’t interrupt play every 5 seconds. Until that’s fixed, I probably won’t be playing very often. I would have given it 5 stars until this happened.', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 15, 14, 51, 34), 'userName': 'Walgene', 'title': 'TERRIFIC app for jigsaw puzzle lovers!!!', 'review': "Love it!!!!!  I have tried many different jigsaw puzzle apps and this is the best.  It has the most puzzles to choose from and is more versatile is options, sizes of the puzzles, and number of pieces per puzzle.  I do the free puzzle every morning and have completed many puzzle packs. Since they now offer sales, it's the best time to load this app and have fun!  If there are problems with new updates, they fix them rather quickly.  Try it!!  The latest update still needs some work. When I do more than 2 or 3 puzzles, it won't recognize the completion of the last puzzle. I have to close the app, reopen it, and do the last puzzle all over again. BUT they have always fixed glitches like this!", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 28, 19, 33, 56), 'userName': 'floita', 'title': 'Very Good, But... going down hill', 'review': "Updated review: fewer stars this time... original problem - not being able to see actual picture of puzzle once it is in progress -remains and now about half of the time the daily free puzzle downloads as a candy puzzle. \nThis app has been updated quite a bit since I first got it. Some of the changes have made it better, but somewhere along the line new glitches have appeared but do not seem to be a priority to be fixed. In your puzzles that are being worked on, you may or may not be able to see the picture of the puzzles. Several releases have come out, but the problem has not been fixed. It's a small problem, but I like to capture the free puzzles, then have to access each one to find the one I was working on or want to work on. Fix this once and for all and you got a FIVE.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 18, 36, 59), 'userName': 'marisolpuz', 'title': 'You RUINED my game experience!!!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 7824990, 'body': 'Hi marisolpuz, \n\nThank you for reaching out. We deeply apologize for the trouble with our update. Our development team has been informed of these issues and will evaluate further to take appropriate action. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused you. We appreciate your patience and understanding while we work on this fix. Please look out for a new update in the near future. Please open the in-game Settings and select Support to Contact Us with questions! Thank you for your patience.', 'modified': '2019-03-20T17:30:04Z'}, 'review': 'I don’t know what is so grand and great about speed if you can’t get all of your puzzle pieces on the board??? All of my settings were perfect and then your update forced them away, so now no matter what I do, I can’t get any puzzle to play the way I would like. I am EXTREMELY displeased and I have purchased several puzzle packs that I have played. If I can’t play them because I can’t get all of my pieces out of the middle discombobulated mess, I don’t see any reason to play. That’s a significant amount of money wasted. If you could please repair the board setting to allow for a fuller screen on all sides, I would be grateful (And yes, I have the settings changed for that and it didn’t accommodate my puzzle size).\n\nThank you.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 26, 17, 23, 40), 'userName': 'brainwasedagain', 'title': 'Shameless Greed', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18180923, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-09-29T18:31:21Z'}, 'review': 'This is the best puzzle app I’ve found. However, they’ve gotten greedy or desperate. I feel like I’m always waiting for an ad to finish playing. Start a puzzle? Watch an ad. Finish a puzzle? Watch an ad. This is becoming a trend with all apps and it’s sickening. In these ads you watch a player unable to complete a simple task, causes you to think “why can they do this? It’s so simple! I’m smarter than that person” and making you more likely to download the game being advertised. It’s shameless manipulation and greed. The entire tech world is based off this model now. Addict the consumer and wring out their emotions and wallets. It’s disgusting and immoral. It’s done without foresight of long term consequence. It’s done to make a few cents or a few dollars if they’re lucky. It’s ridiculous to watch several minutes worth of ads every ten to fifteen minutes. I enjoy these puzzles but I’m tired of watching so many ads', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 1, 19, 14, 18), 'userName': 'Howsthiswork', 'title': 'Accounting problem', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16370863, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-950560 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-07-02T22:22:20Z'}, 'review': 'I normally enjoy doing the daily puzzle and have used my points to buy other packets. The other day your site informed me that I had enough points to purchase a package (almost 5700 points). As I was about to make my choice it told me I did not have enough points. 3000 points disappeared from my total without my choosing a packet.  What happened to my 3000 points? I would like to have them back so that I might purchase another puzzle packet. Is this possible?\n\nAnother time I was doing a puzzle every day and the site informed me that I was on my way to the 80 daily puzzles goal. I was up to 26% when that disappeared on me too (I had not missed a day).  There appears to a problem in accounting for accumulated points and efforts.  I often recommend your site to friends. Please fix this or I will choose another puzzle site.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 20, 43, 24), 'userName': 'jack and Bos mom', 'title': 'Unfair practices', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13475848, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Coins. If a pack that you'd like isn't available for Coins, please check back later. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!", 'modified': '2020-02-13T23:58:04Z'}, 'review': 'I really like this game and they improve it all the time. If I had done this review a few months ago it would have gotten 5 stars. They suddenly and without any warning have decided that all the new puzzles coming out can only be bought with cash via Apple. I purchased $200 worth of credits for $100 and have used only $60 worth of the credits but they are useless now to buy any of the newer puzzles. And the price of some of the new puzzles are up to 7.99 which is a significant increase. To be fair, there are older puzzles which I can use the credits for, just that they are advertising all the new ones. When I see one I would like to purchase with the points I bought I cannot. When I purchased the credits, there were no restrictions. I can only think that the administration of this game has gotten a bit greedy.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Screen lockup', 'userName': 'Sarasota Geno', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 27, 23, 8, 5), 'review': 'I have played Jigsaw for a number of years starting with the old iPad now on my upgraded iPad Air I have had my first problem, the screen locked up during loading the daily puzzle. I deleted the game and reinstalled it and it is back to normal.\nI love the game and have no problems with changes made and the people that have problems should experiment with the settings to customize how they prefer board size and other minor issues. I rate the software A plus. Whatever caused my lockup I hope is not a trend. \nNow the latest update with the clue game is booting me out to my home screen every time I attempt to play Clue. Restarting the iPad helps for awhile but it returns to booting me out to my home screen. Very annoying.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13839877, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing issues with the latest event. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-891270 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-03T21:50:19Z'}}, {'title': 'Just plain fun!', 'userName': 'badgerlair', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 22, 18, 51, 30), 'review': 'Recent updates (‘trays’ for organizing your pieces, if you choose to do so) make this wonderful app even better!  There’s a nice variety of puzzle packages to purchase, with numerous ones on sale at any given time. There is also a ‘free’ puzzle every day. This app is very simple to use, and personalization is easy (number of pieces, background color/ pattern, choice of music if desired, ability to create your own puzzles from your own photo library). I have purchased numerous puzzle packages, usually when they were on sale ( for about $1.99 ).  Given the number of hours of enjoyment they have given me, this is one of my very favorite apps on my iPad!  (My only request is that they offer more traditional Christmas packages☃️🎄.)', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'userName': 'JulesRules02', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 17, 23, 51, 40), 'review': 'This is my favorite game to play on my iPad.  So much easier than setting up everything to put together an actual puzzle in the house.  The newest version shows when the correct piece is placed in the puzzle which is a nice feature.  I also really like being able to choose the number of puzzle pieces to use.  After recently upgrading to a 10.5” iPad, the bigger screen enabled me to play with more pieces.  Of course one of the best things is the daily free puzzle.  I actually can’t think of anything I don’t like about this app.  After trying some similar jigsaw apps, this one is by far my favorite.  I’ve been addicted to Jigsaw Puzzle since I first tried it out & would recommend to anyone who enjoys puzzles.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Was my favorite game a few years ago', 'userName': 'PRYwho', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 2, 14, 3, 14), 'review': 'This used to be my favorite game but now I very rarely play it more than once a day. I understand that you sell ads to keep it free but the ads have become too many, way too long with no way to exit, and some of them have music that cannot be cut off by using the game settings to cut off the sound (very disturbing when I’m in a boring meeting and it blares out. My boss doesn’t like it either). I was buying the puzzle packages but now that I don’t play puzzles much I don’t get to finish the ones I’ve already bought so I don’t buy them anymore. The ads are so bad that I am looking for another puzzle app to play. I mostly play FreeCell, Mahjong, and Sudoku. They ads but the ads are scrolling across the very bottom of the screen throughout the game but don’t interfere or take up extra time. And they are quiet.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'I can hardly believe it!', 'userName': 'donupby4', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 6, 12, 50, 52), 'review': 'Till I tried this app I have never liked fooling with puzzles, for numerous reasons.  But, now, because of this app, I enjoy completing one or two a day and enjoying the experience.  There are three reasons this app encourages me,....the selection of pictures is awesome, the player gets to choose how many pieces for division,...and when you get the right piece reasonably close to its proper position, there’s a slight visual ‘flash’ around its perimeter along with an audible click indicating success.  One other feature (with the upgrade) is the opportunity to choose one of my own pictures (i.e.-family) and ‘puzzle-ize’ it.  It’s awesome to be able to do that.  Great job, ...compliments to the programmer(s) for this application.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20982438, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! We're glad to hear that you're enjoying the app, and we appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please feel free to Contact Us from within the app's Settings if you have any questions or additional feedback to share. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-02-10T18:06:59Z'}}, {'title': 'Great fun but too many pop ups!!', 'userName': 'DebM8872', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 18, 0, 1, 9), 'review': 'I’ve had this app for quite a while and really love it. I’ve bought several puzzle packs and always do the free daily puzzle. There always have been ads, and thankfully only for in app purchases, but lately I’ve been getting annoyed with the vast number of pop ups just to solve one puzzle. For today’s puzzle I had to dismiss 4 just to get to play the puzzle then upon completion at least 6 more! It used to be a couple before and a couple after. It’s still a terrific app and I love playing, but the annoyance kind of dampers the fun.\nUpdate: within a couple days of posting this review I noticed a dramatic reduction in the pop ups. Thanks for listening!!! I love this app and added a fifth star.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16149606, 'body': "Thank you so much for taking the time to update your review, DebM8872! I'm very happy to hear that your game experience has improved! Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-06-22T16:47:40Z'}}, {'title': 'Used to be great', 'userName': 'cEEk1974', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 14, 20, 29, 52), 'review': 'Developers keep ruining the game! Why would you take away the multiple trays???? Not all changes are good - you make too many changes, and then take away the good ones. You used to be able to get a puzzle for watching one add, now, you have to watch an ad every time! Even if you just have to put the game down for a minute. Ads are making it not worthwhile to play, like the ones that show up IN THE ONE REMAINING TRAY!!! I was going to pay for ad free version, but then you take away improvements made previously, so what is the point? I wrote a review before, saying I was happy that there were NO MORE PORN ADs (like there used to be) and complained about the trays, and they contact me to report the ads??? They didn’t listen for years when I tried to report them, now when I am glad they are gone, NOW they want me to report it and ignore the actual issues with the game currently? Why?', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20536288, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-01-20T19:30:36Z'}}, {'title': 'Back to being Awesome again!', 'userName': 'Lehuab', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 12, 18, 13, 47), 'review': 'Once again why can’t you just LEAVE THE APP ALONE ??\nThe app doesn’t need to be keep changing just for the heck of it! I have been still enjoying the puzzles in spite of now the constant ad pop ups but now with the tool bar moved to the side of the puzzle I’m out! It is a absolutely horrible, it covers up the puzzle! Who’s great idea was that?!? I have been checking in periodically to see if it has been changed back or an option to move it  has been added, since no other users like it either but it’s still there. I just can’t enjoy it anymore...\n\n**** Was not happy with update last week but problems were quickly addressed and fixed - which is awesome! Back to enjoying this app again! Wasn’t sure what I was going to do without it to be honest, but it was too frustrating to even play. Thank you for listening to our comments and fixing the issues! \n\nWhy do they always have to ruin a perfectly good app??\nThis latest update is simply AWFUL! The pieces do not move smoothly across board and the pieces seem like they hesitate \nto fit. To view the completed puzzle you now have this weird \nscreen within the screen and it too is awful not to mention it resets every time you view it again! How can something so simple as a jigsaw puzzle become so complicated and unenjoyable but they found a way! Please change it back!!', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19838646, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-12-17T21:27:58Z'}}, {'title': 'Horrible Update!', 'userName': 'CMT256', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 18, 43, 17), 'review': 'I’ve loved this app for hundreds of puzzles and through all the updates over that time.  Updated and opened it up today to find the sorting trays gone, and the options, preview, and other buttons/functions tray made into an intrusive strip on the puzzle board if left open.  I liked this app because it wasn’t like all the others that didn’t allow you to sort - they put all the pieces in one tray along the top or side of the puzzle.  This app offered so much freedom in how to sort and group pieces and do so many other things when working on the puzzle. Before it felt like doing a real puzzle and there were so many options on how the player could manage it.  Now it’s like all the other mediocre offerings out there. So completely disappointing and I hate that I have so many puzzle packs that I love that I will now lose because I just can’t work in this format.  You took a good thing that didn’t need fixing and wrecked it.', 'rating': 1, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19329851, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:09:06Z'}}, {'title': 'Surprisingly addictive and relaxing at the same time', 'userName': 'Tazchick43', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 17, 23, 7, 54), 'review': "Update:  still addicted!🙂. My work involves a lot of numbers, so an actual jigsaw puzzles is a great few moments of zen.  I would still recommend this app.\n\nI've been looking for a good puzzle app (not just jigsaw) but couldn't seem to find the right one.  I've always loved jigsaws but don't have the space for them. \n\nLike most of us, I spend a lot of time on the computer & phone.  I didn't want to waste my down time playing an involved or long drawn out game for little reward.  This app is the right combination of challenge and relaxation.  The graphics are amazing and I like you can choose how many pieces you want your puzzle to be and if you want the added difficulty of rotating pieces.\n\nI also like that you get a free puzzle a day.  For someone who doesn't spend money for in app purchases in other games, the free puzzle is a great perk.  Little things like that are what good apps are made of.  I'm considering purchasing some of the other puzzle packs.  I'd rather spend extra on puzzles I can take my time with and enjoy long term, as opposed to a quick-fix bonus for a piece of candy or two.", 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Name the pictures , please', 'userName': 'Judu44', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 4, 4, 16, 16), 'review': "I enjoy doing these puzzles and have had no trouble with the program.  I do get frustrated, however, when I see a lovely picture with a stupid title.  Example might be a beautifully fall colored maple leaf, and the title would be leaf in the fall.  I'm sure you folks are smart enough to be more specific with your titles.  Tell us where the picture was taken or what the main feature is rather than some generic caption (I.e. Purple flower, when it might be a lovely pansy)\nI wrote a similar review a while ago and have not seen any improvement in titles. \n\nUpdate:  very little title improvement, but some is noticed. Lots of new picture sets. Come-on, guys, let's make the titles more meaningful.  Give this program a bit more educational value, please.\n\nFurther update.  Picture titles are getting better. There is more detail about where the picture was taken.  I also like the new selections being added.  I do some of these every day.\n\nNew Update.  Still enjoying Jigsaw Puzzle and love the variety of new ones. I do at least one every day!  Still wishing for more details in the captions, especially the scenery puzzles.\nStill wish for more detail in picture captions. Come on, folks!", 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Endless variety of puzzles, gorgeous images on my iPad', 'userName': 'shewhosleepswithdogs', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 24, 3, 3, 28), 'review': 'I truly loved this app, have been doing a variety of puzzles for the past couple of years.  I can always find something for whatever mood I am in.  These jigsaw puzzles are a relaxing way to relieve stress, without taking up space that traditional boxed puzzles do.  You can also switch from one puzzle to another, then pick up where you left off.\nI would give this app 5plus stars, except the last update included truly annoying pop-ups to watch adds in exchange for  “coins” to save toward free puzzles.  You can’t make them stop no matter how many times you reject them.  Other pop-ups are for games that are almost as aggravating.  Downloading the next update... truly hoping I won’t be sorry! STOP THE POP-UPS, RUINING A WONDERFUL APP!!!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14894945, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-24T17:13:26Z'}}, {'title': 'Complete a puzzle?', 'userName': 'MomHatch', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 16, 42, 54), 'review': 'I love the puzzle app.  One thing that bothers me though is the lack of clarification on what ‘complete’ means.  There are different levels of initiatives/challenges and a lot of them say ‘complete a puzzle’ with different number of pieces or each day for X days, etc.  I have completed a puzzle several days in a row but the app doesn’t seem to count them unless I START and them COMPLETE a puzzle in the same day.  If I start a larger puzzle and it takes me 2 or 3 days to complete it, it doesn’t count it as a completed one on the day I actually completed it.  Not a big deal unless you are trying to get the 80 day in a row challenge and then you figure this out 50 days in.  I would just like to better understand what counts and what doesn’t.  Thanks for listening!', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14691632, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the Objectives in the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-15T22:02:16Z'}}, {'title': 'Love it But...', 'userName': 'Brunooooooo', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 3, 1, 59), 'review': 'Almost great app, but pieces tend to lock up on the board, and they can’t be moved. At first, restarting the app, would free them up, but that workaround only worked once or twice. Now I have a piece locked up on the board and it won’t move. Takes the fun out of the game.  Please fix and update. Lastly, I deleted the app and started over. I was more than 60% completed, and had to start over. Now I can’t rotate pieces, and there is no help to show me me how to set it back up. About ready to delete this mess and move on unless you send me some instructions. PLEASE!\n\nYou sent me a response, but after a couple of hours scrolling through ALL the reviews, I just can’t find it and I don’t have that much free time to waste trying to find it. Can you please just send me your response?', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14339705, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're having trouble locating our last response. If you need further help with your issues, you can always email us at support@mobilityware.com. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-30T16:18:06Z'}}, {'title': 'Great app, but don’t like some changes', 'userName': 'KSMomster', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 27, 22, 56, 8), 'review': 'I’ve been playing this app for years, have bought many puzzles. I’ve tried other puzzle apps and came back to this one.  I like the available area around the board and the tray system. \nI do not like having to click away from my puzzle to enlarge the preview picture - that’s very annoying. I can’t compare the area or piece I’m working on to the picture.  And when I get to the last piece of my puzzle, the puzzle shrinks dramatically and the piece glitters. Totally unnecessary. Any puzzle size changes should be up to the player, not the game. \nJust some suggestions- a collection of beagle pictures (real beagles, not Snoopy) and more cottage/house/quaint village puzzles.  Thank you for a great app.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Frozen and frustrated', 'userName': 'Skiers7', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 7, 14, 52, 22), 'review': 'Still having a problem.  Now the puzzle i was working on is frozen when I log into the app.   Sometimes if I turn my iPad off and restart it, the puzzle will still be frozen.   I don’t know what happens, but sometimes I choose a puzzle and everything is frozen.  I’ve turned off my iPad and restart and the puzzle is still frozen.  Other times I don’t have that issue.  I agree with the other person that pieces don’t move as easily as in the past.  I like this app because I need to see all pieces on the screen, not a few at a time.  If this isn’t fixed I’m going to give up. I do like the daily puzzle.  As I stated already, this app is the only one that shows all pieces at once.', 'rating': 5, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 9154707, 'body': "Hello Skiers7! Thank you for your review! I am very sorry to hear you're having so much trouble with this frozen puzzle. We would like to gather more information from you about this problem you're having. Please reach out to us via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and reference MW-589402 so we know your message is about this review. We look forward to assisting you!", 'modified': '2019-06-13T16:50:38Z'}}, {'title': 'Love App but has issues', 'userName': 'Chubarce', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 20, 17, 29, 4), 'review': 'I have had this app for about two years now.  Besides these bugs, I absolutely love this app. It’s very calming and a good way to pass time if needed. Every now and then it would crash. I would close it out and go back in. This past Apple update iOS 11, the app would not load to get in. (Where you have to touch the screen) it would have a loading symbol and then switch from the different tousle screens really fast. I would check every couple days. Even restarted my phone. It still wouldn’t get past the loading screen. I finally decided my only route was to re-download the app. When I did that, all my puzzles in process disappeared and I have to start from scratch. Good thing is my points from completing puzzles is still there.', 'rating': 4, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12667744, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-855932 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-31T18:47:25Z'}}, {'title': 'Frustrations', 'userName': 'Buckeye Sunflower', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 22, 12, 20, 59), 'review': 'I enjoy the daily puzzles, but one of the last updates shrunk the initial picture of the puzzle. Since I still have a smaller iPhone, it’s nearly impossible to see much detail of the puzzle to help solve it. It also makes it impossible to choose anything more challenging than a 25-piece to solve. \n\nI understand in-app ads are your revenue, and it’s my choice to not pay to have the ads removed, but having a long ad between seeing the puzzle and seeing the scrambled pieces to start solving it breaks the solver’s focus; I find it discouraging. Maybe consider running the ad after the puzzle is solved. Other game/puzzle apps do this.\n\nAnother problem I’ve had with the ads is if I don’t hit the “X” immediately when it finally shows up at the end of the ad, when it does go back to the puzzle screen, the puzzle locks up and the pieces won’t scramble. This forces the solver to have to exit to the main menu screen, choose the daily puzzle again, choose to solve it again, and have to watch yet another long ad. Very frustrating.\n\nAs I stated earlier, I do enjoy working the daily puzzle, but the ads and the problems they create (or the need to pay for their removal) ensure that the daily puzzle is the ONLY puzzle I will use your app for.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Irritating app', 'userName': 'howaboutnamealreadychoosen', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 14, 17, 6, 13), 'review': 'Locks up frequently, they keep changing things around (not for the better), the board suddenly does not all fit on my iPad screen so you need to move things around with one hand while you pull pieces to where you can get them with the other, and now the greedy so and so’s have started interrupting you frequently with ads while you are working on a puzzle. \n\nAdvertisers, this DOES NOT make for an receptive audience for your product. If I’m not interested in it three times in a row, six more times will not make me want to give it a go. Maybe something else may be more successful???????????? Come on, earn that money you’re being paid. It just becomes a good time to take a break.\n\n I don’t mind ads, that’s how you discover new things, but, there’s a point where they become like flies that have a death wish.', 'rating': 3, 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23465473, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-39127 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-06-18T20:03:38Z'}}, {'title': 'Update changed it for the worse.', 'userName': 'josswaske', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 16, 11, 48), 'review': 'Review 2 Mar 13, \'19:\nRe: your most recent update-- I hate it! Let me count the ways: the margins have shrunken so that I can no longer place all the unused pieces four rows deep on all sides. The pieces seems "sticky", hard to move around the screen, without dragging the screen. The pieces seem to snap into place in the margins which would be fine if the margins weren\'t too narrow.\n\nThe whole board slides around too much so that itmust be locked, which limits the viewing area. and the bottom Ads seem taller & wider.\nAfter five mins., I\'m so frustrated, I will be looking for a diffferent puzzle NOT made by MOBILITYWARE !\n\nReview 1/Be careful of bottom Ads: I like puzzle but I believe some Ads that appear on the bottom of the screen are toxic. A few times I have unintentionally touched an Ad and have been taken to an Internet screen that is overlaid by a basic-but-ominous looking window that declares my iPad has a virus and is 28.1% infected. A phone number is displayed for me to call, "do not shut down", and so on. Of course I knew it was a scam but I worry that others may fall for it. I think one of the Ads is from Bank of America, but I am not sure of the others. Please vet your ads. In addition, the animated Ads appear to slow down my iPad. The are times when the puzzle freezes but the ad still plays.', 'rating': 2, 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'NOOOOOOOO', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 3, 54, 56), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'dese sapnu puas', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been doing one puzzle a day on this app for a hecking long time, it is my most treasured app.....AND THEN THE UPGRADE CAME ALONG. Being able to drag more than one puzzle piece at a time is NOT CONVENIENT, it just makes dragging just one piece wayyyy more difficult because you have to place your other finger on a spot on the screen where there is no puzzle piece. I have done upwards of 100 puzzles on this app, and that subtle “upgrade” has drastically affected how efficiently I am able to do the puzzles (and it’s no longer relaxing for me). Please change it back, I beg of you. Just that one change. I am not in a mental or physical place where I can give up this app and my addiction to it.\n\nI still gave the app 5 stars because it is pretty great.'}, {'title': 'Used to be a good game', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 5, 19, 20, 6), 'developerResponse': {'id': 20330199, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're having trouble reaching out to our support team. You can try reaching them directly via email at support@mobilityware.com. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-01-12T00:00:43Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Keqian', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Been having trouble with this app for quite some time, from freezing to not being able to collect coins.  Contacted support, but they have been silent for over a month; won’t respond to my emails and explanation of the issues.  This used to one of the better jigsaw puzzle apps but it sadly has slipped to the bottom of the pile.  My coin counter has been stuck on 200 and I’m unable to collect or purchase coins.  This app need major fixing in more than one way.  Seriously don’t waste your money on this app because as soon as you need support, they abandon their loyal customers by ignoring them.\n\nUpdate, received email with a case Id number, contacted support the next day and still no response.  I’m really getting fed up with the lack of support.  We customers are the reason why this app is successful and to outright ignore or refuse to respond is unacceptable.  I will be checking out other puzzle apps to play instead of this one!!!'}, {'title': 'Frustrating (as always)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 16, 2, 48), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19329171, 'body': "Thanks for reaching out! We're aware of an issue causing the game to crash for a small segment of players. We apologize for any inconvenience this has caused, and our team is working on a solution as quickly as possible! Please visit this link for our updates about this issue: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/?s=known-issues", 'modified': '2020-11-24T20:53:13Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Seek D Truth', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'November 21, 2020: app crashes. Won’t even start up on iPhone 11 with iOS 14.2\nHad to lower the rating back to one\n\n...and what’s up with all the pop ups!\n\n(Old review)\nI raised the rating from one to three stars because most of the issues I had (old review) were fixed...with the exception of one.\n\nUnfortunately, now the app doesn’t work well with the new iPhone 11 pro. The table is too small, the pieces too big, and function keys are microscopic. \n\nI hope it gets fixed soon because it’s an enjoyable pastime.\n\n(Older review)\nOk... \n\n1. Pieces would handle better before these last two updates (how do you go from great to lagging?)\n\n2. Pieces didn’t get pushed off the edges before; now you need tiny fingers to try and recover them.\n\n3. I liked to finish the puzzle and see the image (it releases endorphins). Now it’s covered with crap... “engaged?” “Tap here”... they even added puzzle outlines to the old ones; taking away any joy in looking at them!\n\n4. They seem to do updates just to remove the bad reviews (they had hundreds with the last update, now they’re gone). Still, “objectives” is not working, the pieces go beyond the edges, pieces are hard to handle... so, what did they fix?\n\nIt used to be the best app (before the unending ads, the constant “sales”, the “follow us in Facebook”) \n\nI purchased the app to avoid all of this. \nWhat can we expect next?'}, {'title': 'A problem with sharing', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 18, 13, 16, 31), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16762883, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-958286 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-07-20T22:15:54Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Woolvic', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love Jigsaw Puzzles, and I like to share them when I’m done one. This is the way I relax. Choosing, purchasing or opting for free puzzles, an putting them together is great. 100% grade on that. \nHowever. I just noticed, therefor deleted 24 post on Facebook of puzzles I had posted because the picture never transferred. Yes, it looked like it should have, opening with LOOK AT THE PUZZLE I JUST COMPLETED, with the logo of the app, but the rest was a white blank. No picture.\nSo, the 1st occurred on May 30. And only 1 has posted since then with a picture. When I shared them, it looked like they took on the puzzle app end.  But didn’t show up in FB.\nI love this app. I don’t want things like this to go wrong.  This was the only way I could see that I could communicate the problem.'}, {'title': 'Incessant ADs make the puzzle a terrible experience', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 25, 15, 44, 55), 'developerResponse': {'id': 10384254, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We appreciate you reporting this issue. Our team has now resolved the issue, and we ask that you please restart your device. If you still have problems, however, please open the in-game Settings, scroll down to Help & Support and select Contact Us to reach out to our Support Team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2019-08-27T21:54:55Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'vizzpat', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve been using this jigsaw puzzle app for a very long time and have purchased MANY PUZZLE PACKS. I’ve solved puzzles on iPhone, iPad mini, regular iPad, etc. \nRecently, they have added a feature with pop-ups offering additional points if you watch an advertisement for other apps. These pop-ups occur many times per minute in some cases making it difficult to work on the puzzle. If you watch a video advertisement, it isn’t short and doesn’t give an exit quickly. \nI could understand if the ads were placed in the “free puzzles” but the ads are in every puzzle and are distracting. \nI purchased the “Pro” version of this app and it appears that I can’t transfer my puzzle packs to that version. Also, I think they are still inserting the advertisements in the paid version, too.\nNow, I’m looking elsewhere for another way to spend a few minutes of relaxation. This has ceased to be relaxing.'}, {'title': 'Greatest Puzzle Game Ever', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 11, 22, 55, 26), 'developerResponse': {'id': 3916629, 'body': 'Hello Lord FrostEmber,\n\nThank you very much for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!\n\nOur team was recently made aware of an issue where some users were unable to select the Play button on occasion. Please open the in-game Settings, tap Help & Support and then Contact Us so that we can learn more information! We hope to hear from you in the near future!', 'modified': '2018-06-20T23:04:03Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Lord FrostEmber', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve played many puzzle games, but this one is by far the best one. Yes, you have to pay for most of the puzzles, although that is the only downside I can think of. The game does makes up for it, though. Each day the player receives a free puzzle—a sample from one of the puzzles you have to pay for. \nThe only question I have is that when you set up the free puzzle (and also have to watch an ad most of the time ☹️), the play button darkens, disabling the player from continuing with the free puzzle. Is there a way to fix this problem???\nBut that doesn’t happen that much. There are just those couple of downsides, making this the best puzzle app to have for those who enjoy doing puzzles.'}, {'title': 'Excellent Customer Service!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 16, 32, 5), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'SoCal BC', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’m taking time out of my day to write about Jigsaw Puzzle’s excellent customer service.\n\nMy technologically-challenged elderly mother, who lives across the country from me, has been enjoying this game for over 5 years (I had no idea she’s been playing this long!). Especially now, during quarantine, this Jigsaw Puzzle game has been helping her pass the time. \n\nOne day I received a call from her telling me that the game had been stuck on loading screen, and would not load completely. I reached out the developers and Pat responded with an extremely thorough and clear response. They were very patient and went above and beyond in helping me and my mother. Thank you Pat for all the help and patience!'}, {'title': '30 seconds before you can play', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 6, 8, 14, 6), 'developerResponse': {'id': 22725718, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're continuing to see this issue with ads. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-23075 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-05-10T16:33:14Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'dearestiphone', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I like this puzzle app, but find I’m playing another one more, as I don’t like to wait 30 seconds for an Ad to finish right off the bat. That’s a long time. Then there’s a running ad at the bottom that is also annoying while you’re playing. I like the graphics of the app and the way it “clicks” when a puzzle piece is in the correct position, but the ads make it too annoying to play.\n\nUPDATE: I’m really enjoying this app. The ads seemed to have gotten better. I love the daily puzzle. It’s really relaxing and a good app! Sometime when you scatter, the pieces fall off the edges and you have to move the board slightly to get to them, but other than that, I’ve upgraded my review! I really enjoy this app. Especially, I love seeing the image of the puzzle clearly when you’ve finished it.\n\nUPDATE: I just updated this app and am so sorry I did. MORE ADS. I wish I had known. I wouldn’t have updated. It’s bad enough you have to sit through an ad to even start playing, and now, you’re only playing a little while and ANOTHER as pops up. And they are the same ads over and over. It’s really annoying. I used to love this APP. No more\n\nUPDATE: Now it gets stuck on the ad when you try to start playing and it won’t open. It’s a shame when you update, it just gets worse!'}, {'title': 'Everything changed', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 11, 3, 47, 51), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17918921, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-09-16T21:32:47Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'userName': '2knit', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I loved this app for years.  The updates were easy to get used to but the latest one has completely changed everything.  I can only work on one puzzle at a time, the bar at the bottom of the screen has disappeared, I can’t go between the home screen and the current puzzle, everything froze before this all started.  I hope they go back to the way it was and make it more user friendly.  It used to be a great app.  Now I can’t use it.\n\nADDENDUM:  I got rid of the app and then reinstalled it.  I played around with the preferences and don’t know what I did but it doesn’t freeze up and the task bar is back.  Not crazy about the flash when the piece moves or the last piece “sparkle” but otherwise I can use it again.'}, {'title': 'I’m upset', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 28, 5, 48, 14), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16345692, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-949105 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-07-01T20:26:41Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'franksndlou', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Ever since you turned on scatter on the puzzles automatically it has messed up my game and made it very frustrating. If I wanted to scatter the pieces I would select that option. Now I spend needless time looking for pieces under the stupid sorting trays and almost falling off the edges completely. Because I have to scan all over the place looking for missing pieces I can’t lock the board so it doesn’t move when I try to move a piece. I have my own system of sorting which allows me to play jigsaw quite fast and without the frustrations I face now. Please make the sorting trays removable and for goodness sakes STOP SCATTERING THE PIECES.  I tried removing the App and reinstalling which only caused me to loose over a hundred puzzles I had already paid for.  I use to love doing Jigsaw. I played at least 10 puzzles a day. If things don’t change soon I’ll quit altogether and find a puzzle sight I can enjoy. This used to be a great pleasure for me, now it only irritates me.'}, {'title': 'Best ever!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 20, 23, 57, 15), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Radaida', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Update:  I\'m still getting the "network unavailable " message.  Please please fix this.  It takes me forever to pull up the daily puzzle.\n\nThoroughly enjoy these puzzles every day.  The selection is outstanding, and as frugal as I am, I still am enticed to buy packages at very reasonable prices.  Definitely a favorite.  Suggestion: often I would like to buy the upgrade, but I have already purchased one of the puzzles offered.  I\'d like extra choices...such as "pick two of these three, etc."\nWould still like to upgrade.  What happens if I have already purchased one of the puzzles offered?  Please fix!\nGreat bug fixes.  Keep going. When I scatter my pieces, please don\'t pile them on top of each other. Thanks.\nStill love.\nUpdate:  still love the puzzles, BUT have had trouble the last couple of weeks.  Whenever I try to load the daily free puzzle...I get a message, " Network unavailable."  This continues for three or more attempts until I go back and forth to get it.  The puzzle would also freeze up after the start, but I think you fixed it with the last update....not quite sure, yet.  Please please please fix.'}, {'title': 'Great!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 10, 14, 39, 27), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12891399, 'body': "Hi Kristy, thank you for the updated review! We're glad to hear that your issue is now resolved. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-01-13T18:29:52Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Kristy599', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'UPDATE 1/20: Issue has been resolved. The puzzles no longer restart when I click out of them. Many thanks!\n\n-  \n\n12/19\n\nI’ve been using this jigsaw app for a couple of months now and I loved it. It was better than all the other apps I came across. However, the new updates have kind of hindered my excitement for the app.\n\nMy biggest issue is that my ongoing puzzles restart whenever I exit the app and come back. For example, I made it to 52% on one of my puzzles, then decided to click out and finish it later on. A couple of hours later, I press on the puzzle and it completely restarts back to 0%, scattering the pieces. I really don’t like that, especially when the puzzle I was working on was especially difficult. I always scatter my puzzles to 169 pieces, so redoing it wouldn’t be fun.\n\nThe most recent updates gave the icons within puzzle-time new looks, which I don’t really mind. The update also gave the user trays to sort pieces into. I personally wouldn’t have much use for them.\n\nAds have been put in like crazy and they’re annoying, but I haven’t met a free game that didn’t feed you ads. It’s annoying, but you get used to it.\n\nPlease fix the restarting puzzle issue!'}, {'title': 'Update issues', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 5, 0, 24, 24), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'patient yet puzzled', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I really enjoy your puzzles and do them quite often each day\nI appreciate that you update your sight and have never had any problems until your most recent update\nThe message said it would only take a few short minutes \nI didn’t have a problem waiting at all\nIt continued to happen until my daughter restored it or something else which she didn’t explain\nAgain I was just grateful she fixed it because I really enjoy it and it got me through an illness and my very inactive period\nMy complaint is that when she had to fix it all of my completed puzzles and all of my hard work just disappeared That was very disheartening and tremendously disappointing \nI am a very patient person and never rated or wrote a complaint about anything but today I have a new frustration My daily puzzle doesn’t work it has been spinning non stop for the last three days\nAgain I am not very tech savvy so I asked my husband to check our internet service but everything else is working so it must be on your end\nPlease respond on how I should try to correct this because I am very “puzzled” how this sight has been so enjoyable for me and my daughter over the last 4 years and recently its been so frustrating‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️\nThank you'}, {'title': 'Like the puzzles, needs better screen format', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 9, 17, 58, 15), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'pappinator', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I enjoy doing the puzzles, and I like the free puzzle per day feature. My wish for a future improvement is to use the full width of the typical tablet screen to work on the puzzle without losing something in the process. \nI have tried all the choices of format, and each one has flaws. In one, the puzzle and loose pieces seem scrunched into a square and they appear tiny.  In one that uses the overall space better, the loose pieces scatter so far to the edge of the screen that I can hardly grasp them without having the app try to close. In one case, I completed a puzzle but there was still a piece missing. When I asked to scatter the pieces, it said there were none left to scatter. Turned out, the piece was totally hidden by the down arrow that lets you access the tool bar.'}, {'title': 'Love it but….', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 19, 22, 57, 39), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23529130, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-22T17:33:29Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'MCTaylor0531', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "They have made great changes to this puzzle game so I do not even play the others. In fact I've deleted them. One improvement would be is to have a variety of shapes for the puzzle pieces. I play this practically everyday. I have bought many many puzzle packs over the years. \n\nSo here’s the “but”… I am 62 years old and all I want to do is puzzles. I do not like all the gimmicks that have been added recently. My original appeal to Jigsaw Puzzles was it didn’t have have any “flashy” stuff. All the pop ups extremely annoying. And apparently I’m not alone on these thoughts. There are promote adults using this app than kids who might like all the crazy stuff.  You should make your to appeal to your biggest audience.\n\nIf it weren’t for the fact I like your puzzles and the format I wouldn’t continue. Keep it simple!"}, {'title': 'So addicting!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 22, 2, 47, 17), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Irritated Irene III', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love this app.  I have always enjoyed jigsaw puzzles, but we travel a lot so I had stopped doing my puzzles. I have now given away all the boxes of puzzles we had accumulated, and  now can "carry" all my puzzles on my iPad. There is a large variety of puzzles and love being able to choose the number of pieces.  I use this app nearly everyday!  My only frustration is sometimes when I open this app, hoping to finish my puzzle it has disappeared!!  It has happened 5 or 6 times, and it is very disconcerting!    However, recently my iPad has been freezing making the pieces immobile.  I\'m not sure if there is a problem with my iPad, or something with the app.  Hence the reason I have given it 4 stars instead of 5.  Otherwise I have no issues with it.'}, {'title': 'Used to be a 5 star but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 2, 29, 15), 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'DilbertIsMyHero', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Their latest update, March 2019, took some features away from me. I used to be able to more control the size of the board area. I previously could make the table small enough that when all the pieces on a 100 piece puzzle were scattered, I could see the partially complete puzzle along with all the remaining pieces without anything overlapping or hiding anything. The latest update took that away. \n\nThey also 'autohide' the control bar. I use that frequently and what used to take one click  ow takes two. The position/size lock has to be clicked twice to activate it. I thing there should be a user selectable option to autohide or not. \n\nThis is one of my favorite apps, or at least it used to be until the March 2019 update. UX is important to me, it should also be important to the game designers."}, {'title': 'November 2020 update is awful', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 18, 37, 19), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19652554, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-09T17:04:54Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Texocali', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'November 2020 update is awful. They redesigned everything and it is really hard to accept, I’m really regretting updating to this version and wish I could go back to the old version. Tiny buttons on the new sidebar are hard to click on. The trays are seemingly missing, but then you find out there is only one? And it seems that you can’t turn it on and off. Backgrounds can’t be switched without scrolling through the whole lot of them, because you removed the toggle switches, which was a mistake. This is horrid. It was so much easier to navigate before, why did you do this. You changed almost everything even the colors and I hate it, CHANGE IT BACK PLEASE!'}, {'title': 'Not a good update!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 6, 14, 41, 43), 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Crazy about drawings', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love doing puzzles and try to get the daily one done each day, or at least download it for later. I like the tray to sort some pieces into off the board so you have more room. What is very disturbing is the tray with the options for edge, scatter, peek, lock, hint, and preview.  What you had before was very nice and could be put on either side or the bottom (which I normally did).  The one you have now is way too big and can only go left or right when open. Not good in my opinion.  Also, before you had the option of having multiple trays for sorting which was nice for sorting colors or shapes, etc., and could be hidden easily with only a tab showing,   now I only see one and it’s always open.  Not good!  Go back to the old setup please!'}, {'title': 'Help!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 10, 14, 19, 27), 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Boundry307', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing this version for years and always loved it. After the last update, however, everything seems to of gone wrong. I play on my iPad, and as the game begins to load, it is sideways!(long-ways, vertically on screen) It rights it self, but with difficulty. Not only that, the pieces seem harder to shift. Also, the app crashes and often will not let me scroll down among the puzzles. \nI previously rated this app with five stars. I I re-downloaded the app thinking that this might fix it. Not only did I lose all my credits etc., it still has all the faults of before. I have tried other apps but do not like them as well. Please fix this so I can go back to my former jigsaw self. Thanks!'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 15, 7, 58, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "And I never get tired of them. It was a lot more fun on my old iPad than on my current iPhone 6 but eventually I'll get a laptop & that's the ultimate way to play, with a larger screen.\nBeen playing this for years & it never gets old, so much more fun than the old cardboard puzzles I used to play. \nThese puzzles are so beautiful!  This is my favorite game of all time & being bedridden it helps tremendously in filling my day with such fun. \n\nI am now tired of endlessly being nagged about leaving a review since I already have but no one programed it to realize this! Major defect that could easily be fixed if they bothered! If this keeps on the reviews are going to get worse! Pay attention programmers.", 'title': 'Played These Puzzles for Years', 'userName': 'Blingblitz'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 10, 19, 7, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "This app is, for the most part, pretty good. What I don't like is how limited the free items are and how expensive everything else is. The number of puzzle themes as well as the number of puzzles in each theme are very limited. However, the worst thing is that you get a daily, free puzzle but you are not able to keep them in any type of collection to do again which just enables the app to keep the amount of puzzles that you can do for free to a very minimum. I don't think that is too much to ask for. The app also has glitches in how quickly you can move the pieces, which costs you in completion time. Any pieces that are too low, or too high, on the screen are extremely difficult to move into the puzzle area. It can literally take minutes to do. Please improve.\n\nThe latest update has done nothing but cause problems. I really hope you get them fixed quickly! 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼", 'title': 'Could be a lot better', 'userName': 'SJ005'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 3, 52, 13), 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I've loved playing this app for years, playing it every day. But the new update today putting the options menu on the right side of the playing surface instead of at the bottom where it has always been is awful!  It is a terrible idea! The new menu is wider, and its placement on the side of the playing area takes up too much of the playing area if you leave it open.  (I use an iPad.) So that means constantly toggling the menu on and off, particularly if you want to use the Peek option, or to go to Pause, or any other option. PLEASE return it to a narrow ribbon at the bottom of the screen where it can be left open for convenient access to the options!", 'title': 'Wonderful App', 'userName': 'HayMayTay'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 15, 37, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19963261, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-1042175 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-23T19:32:37Z'}, 'review': 'I’m a longtime super-fan of this app, but in the last few years it’s been getting worse and worse. First their taste changed so that more and more of the puzzles had a shoddy, tacky visual quality — I can’t describe it but it’s awful. Then they started loading on more and more ads, while neglecting to fix obvious bugs for months. They wasted their time on things like making the last piece sparkle as it goes in — really? Who needs that? Now the thing is such a hassle that I rarely play it — and I couldn’t say so before, because despite asking me to rate it, the button didn’t work for at least a year! I finally went in through the App Store when the latest update banjacked my in-progress puzzles. It’s sad, because I loved this app a lot for a long time. Shape up, guys.', 'title': 'From almost perfect to almost ruined', 'userName': 'fafoo322'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 8, 47, 47), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Love them! \nMost of the time I really like the puzzles but there is one thing that really annoys me: very often one puzzle piece will lock somewhere in the puzzle - not on the rim, but right in the way of other pieces. I cannot move the piece anyway. I have to work the puzzle around the locked piece and when all other pieces are in place I get out of the app and work other puzzles, read the news etc. then I. About 24 hours I can usually open the puzzle again and then the piece can be moved into place. \nI usually work 2-3 puzzles a day and get very frustrated if puzzle pieces lock up on me. \nThe puzzles themselves are beautiful and there’s a great variety. \nThanks for offering such great puzzles!  Becky', 'title': 'Zigsaw puzzles', 'userName': "Gamblin' Gram"}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 29, 6, 49, 29), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I am not one to leave reviews AT ALL.   However; this app and the group of developers are so amazing.   If there is ever a problem just check in the easy to find current and known issues (contact us).   If not, take a look in the FAQ’s.   After that send them a message with the issue.  It may take a day to get back to you (keep checking in the app), but they do and they let you know what is going on and give further suggestions or questions.   My recent singular issue with crashing on my device was resolved within 3 days.  Required developers involvement and to me that is amazing!!!!   I play several games from the same group and always love them!!!   A loyal customer/gamer!', 'title': 'Fantastic', 'userName': 'Asykora'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 27, 21, 39, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13767344, 'body': "Thank you for your patience! Our team has been working hard on a new game update and it is now available! The update should help to resolve some of the issues that you've been experiencing in the app. Please download it so that you can get back to enjoying the game. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-28T19:18:36Z'}, 'review': 'Updated review:\nThis is an update to my review from a few hours ago.  Now, I cannot even access the app!  Whenever I try to open the app it crashes prior to fully opening.  So very disappointing.  \n\nI play this app several times a day.  To say that I am addicted is an understatement, however, since the last update this app has been nothing short of a nightmare.  When trying to open the app it crashes and closes out several times before opening.  When the app actually loads and opens, after choosing and starting a puzzle, the app then freezes where moving puzzle pieces is impossible and eventually the app crashes and closes.  The newest addition of CLUE puzzles is great (my favorite game) but again, I cannot play because the app freezes and crashes.  My patience is all but gone. My IPad is fairly new with tons of storage so that’s not an issue.  Please fix the app!!', 'title': 'From Freezing and Crashing to Just Crashing', 'userName': 'SuziQue104'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 20, 12, 29, 23), 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 2381483, 'body': "Thank you for your review of Jigsaw Puzzle, Sadie. The features you mentioned are settings in the game which can be toggled on or off. The music and flashing can be enabled or disabled in the game's settings menu and the locking of the puzzle table can be toggled on or off while playing using the padlock icon found in the game's toolbar while playing. If you have any additional questions about these features please contact our support team through the game's settings menu.", 'modified': '2018-01-23T18:49:08Z'}, 'review': 'Music irritating.....can no longer lock the screen so that moving a piece of the puzzle will not also move the screen....flashing light when successfully positioning a piece distracting....sometimes change is NOT good......being unable to lock the screen is REALLY irritating and it is sometimes difficult to move the pieces as the screen moves as well..I just turn off the music so I don’t notice it now..........\nMany improvements since I wrote that....is the best of all the jigsaws....most like the real thing poured out on a table a la the “olden days”......thanks for the daily puzzle...have gotten used to the flashing light and find it helpful....also now know how to lock the screen', 'title': 'Unnecessary “improvements “', 'userName': 'Sadie onion'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 10, 19, 4, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve always been a fanatic at building puzzles and enjoyed doing it alone.....UNLESS....it was with my dear sisters-in-law who would do as I did....put the piece that didn’t fit back in the same spot you retrieved it from.  Sometimes I let my eldest son help when he was in elementary school.  He knew I always wanted to be the one to finish and put the last piece in.  Sometimes you lose a piece and that’s not possible.  One puzzle we were finishing up had a missing piece and to my surprise, it showed up right after Scotty returned from school.  Needless to say, the memories Jigsaw Puzzles bring back to me are priceless!  This game is my opening and closing entertaining site I visit on the iPad....Thank you deeply from my heart!           ALYCE CARYL', 'title': 'OMG!   IM HOOKED', 'userName': 'Lacey Caryl'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 15, 51, 18), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It WAS the best jigsaw puzzle app. The update ruined everything. It starts in portrait mode. It does turn to landscape, but it is so small. The view that you choose to see the picture is so much smaller you can barely see it and you cannot stretch it to make it big enough. You can choose lock screen, but it no longer locks. I have a newer iPad with 64 gig memory. Such a shame. There is no other jigsaw puzzle that compares. I wish they’d fix their mistake and then test it on several models before releasing it. I would get the paid version but cannot take the chance it’s not the same. It would be nice if they’d let you get a sample with only one puzzle to see if you want to buy it.', 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'userName': 'ClwMom'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 5, 17, 42, 20), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12256904, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having some trouble in the app. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-846033 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-06T18:42:06Z'}, 'review': 'Love these puzzles! From the free one each day to the groupings I purchase, they are all sharp and clear.  Love the the groupings I buy have such great puzzles in them....some apps give you one or two nice puzzles, but this app has ones of places I would like to see! No trouble loading...goes smoothly every time! The only problem is getting the puzzle to load sometimes.\n   Lately the puzzles are not readily available. It is frustrating for this to happen.\n\n   This puzzle used to be so much better!  Now it takes forever to download a new set. It’s SO much harder to open the daily puzzle with this bar format!  The pieces used to be bigger in the piece tray, so you could see them....no more.', 'title': 'Puzzles', 'userName': 'He riser'}, {'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 7, 21, 34, 35), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20329911, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-01-11T23:30:56Z'}, 'review': 'This use to be a GREAT app for puzzles, the absolute best I would even say (and I’ve been through several over the past five years). And yet, even though I’ve sunk hundreds of dollars into this app, they still fill my screen with pop ups and other garbage that I just want to turn off and never have to deal with again. It has made the app very. Annoying and almost no longer worth it... I don’t mind paying $2 to just turn. It all off, but I’ve already paid to get rid of all adds, so now they’re flooding my app with constant adds of their own. Extremely annoying and I shouldn’t have to deal with it. I just want to pop into the app and relax with some puzzles, not be constantly barraged with pop up. Reminders of an event here, an event there, an add for this or that. This app is quickly becoming a very terrible app. Sad...', 'title': 'Way too many pop-ups recently', 'userName': 'Kitten2021'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 20, 9, 50), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19652287, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for contacting us! Our team is aware that some players are experiencing crashing in the game. We apologize for any inconvenience caused but this issue, and our team is currently working on a solution! Please check the following link for updates about the issue: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/?s=known-issues', 'modified': '2020-12-09T16:43:09Z'}, 'review': 'Love this app, I really enjoy the general setup and options/features for doing puzzles as compared to other jigsaw puzzle apps I had tried before. However, I really dislike the changes from the last update! I used to use all 4 trays for piece-sorting during every puzzle, which was one of my favorite things about this particular puzzle app. With the latest update, I now only have 1 tray available, so I can’t do puzzles the way I used to and the bigger ones aren’t as much fun now. I also never had problems with the app crashing until the latest update - now it often crashes once or twice every time I use it. Overall I still really like the app and will keep using it, I just miss the way it used to be!', 'title': 'Where did the trays go?', 'userName': 'chnandlerbong18'}, {'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 10, 14, 34, 42), 'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 6833012, 'body': 'We would like to figure out why your puzzles are not loading so that we can prevent it from happening in the future! Please open the in-game Settings page, select Support and then Contact Us so that our team can get more information about the device that you are using. We look forward to hearing from you!', 'modified': '2019-01-14T21:30:43Z'}, 'review': 'I tried this to just kill some time. I started with small numbers of pieces but soon found myself increasing them. This is easily my favorite app.  I play it daily.  You can make it as easy or as hard as you like. The more you play it the more difficult you will make it. Enjoy. I love how you can increase the size of the pieces. New free puzzle every day. I bought some to save for trips where no Internet like long flights and cruises.  You can also save the free daily .puzzles to play later. Recent fix loads it faster and corrected an iPad error where it could not load the free puzzle from 1/19 to 3/19. I love to start my day playing this.  Have been a daily user for over 5 years.', 'title': 'Puzzle addictive', 'userName': 'Bmeek11'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 27, 15, 42, 34), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12216699, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! I'm sorry to hear that you had some trouble purchasing in our app. Unfortunately, I was unable to locate your Support Ticket, so it may not have gone through. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-840211 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-04T22:27:19Z'}, 'review': 'Since your prior update, I have tried to buy 4 puzzle packs. My first order was for 3 packs, which were not downloaded and by following your directions to report this and get it resolved proved to be faulty. I had to go directly to apple to receive my refund.\n\nI waited until Friday of last week and though, maybe, just maybe this issue had been resolved. I picked a new pack, logged into my account, which informed me that it was successful. I am still waiting for that pack to be downloaded.\n\nI will still play the puzzle of the day and the remainder of the two packs I bought months ago. But I will never buy another puzzle pack. There was no response from my request and reporting of this to you.', 'title': 'This was a great app but not so much now', 'userName': 'version 2019.11.0'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 24, 21, 52, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 9468425, 'body': "Thank you for your review, Sarah! I'm very sorry to hear you're having so much trouble with this glitch that causes your puzzle to distort. We'd like to collect some more information from you about this problem you're having. Please reach out to us via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and provide the ID MW-644971 as well as a screenshot of the issue if possible. We're passionate about addressing each and every one of our player's concerns, and we appreciate your support of our app. Thank you for playing!", 'modified': '2019-07-02T20:46:32Z'}, 'review': 'I have loved this app for a good long while and I’ve gotten up to trying to do the 1024 piece puzzles and I’ve had an issue when I go to load the puzzle to continue working on it another day. About 2/3s of the time when I go to load the puzzle, the pieces are broken up and huge and in a weird broken grid with spaces between them and it freezes the whole app and I can’t get it to load after several times of closing it down and reloading it. I’ve tried deleting the app and reinstalling it and the problem persists. When I do one puzzle in a sitting (at a lower piece count) and didn’t have to close the app down and reload it, this wasn’t a problem. But I’ve been having problems when I go to reload it at another time. Please fix this problem so I can work bigger puzzles!', 'title': 'Bugs need fixing', 'userName': 'SarahK2008'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 8, 23, 46), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8671010, 'body': "Hello Wixiebuns! I'm sorry to hear you're having trouble. We have not changed how many credits are rewarded for each size puzzle completed since the feature was implemented. There are, however, other ways to earn more credits. If you go into the Credit bank on the main page of the app, you can watch videos for 10 credits or if you've purchased ad-free, you can simply collect those free credits every 4 hours. If you encounter any further trouble, please always feel free to reach out to Support via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and our team will be glad to assist. Thank you for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!", 'modified': '2019-05-14T20:55:50Z'}, 'review': 'This puzzle games are beautiful, excellent, relaxing, and fun. You have so many puzzle packages to choose from and the pictures are beautiful.  Points are earned in increments according to how many puzzle pieces you choose to work.  You may purchase more puzzles for a price or use your points and here is where I have issues.  Prior to the last update, I was able to earn 6 points for completing a 69 piece puzzle.  121 pieces earned 10 points.  After the update a 69 piece puzzle now earns only 4 points and a 121 piece puzzle only earns 6 points.  I have to complete a 256 piece puzzle for 10 points now.  Considering a puzzle pack costs around 4000 points or around $4.00. The new point system appears to be a money making ploy. \n\nOther than this issue, I agree with other users comments about the new upgrades.', 'title': 'Excellent but...', 'userName': 'Wixiebuns'}, {'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 31, 12, 53, 16), 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I see no reason for me to waste my time listing everything that has changed with the latest updates, as there are weeks worth of detailed complaints already listed here. Why would you take an unbelievably awesome puzzle app and turn it into a complete mess?  This was one, of maybe five, apps that I have that I have paid to upgrade because it worked so well. I am now sorry that I did. \n\nPlease answer three questions for me. First, why was this done? Second, why don’t you return this app to the previous version until this mess is fixed? Third, are any of these complaints seriously going to get fixed or are you just telling everyone that you appreciate our feedback and your developers are looking into it?\n\nI never write reviews or give feedback, but this update blunder has me shaking my head in disgust. Return this app to how it was SOON or I will delete this app and find another. PERIOD!', 'title': 'WHY WERE THESE UPDATE CHANGES MADE?', 'userName': 'Update Blunder'}, {'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 27, 14, 23, 55), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13838587, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for taking the time to leave this thoughtful review, and are glad to hear that you are enjoying the app. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-03-03T19:39:28Z'}, 'review': 'Love the app .....\n\nIt’s bad enough not to be able to get rid of the red marker because I refuse to connect my app to Facebook.... I now have to be pressured to complete puzzles with rotation on or more pieces or ..... on and on and on .... click the X get rid of this click another x get rid of that, click ANOTHER x and get rid of .... yeah, you get the idea....   THEN and ONLY then can you do another puzzle.\n\nI LOVE this app.  I tried rotation - it took the fun out of the puzzle and put the frustration in.... I prefer the relaxation of how I play and to not be bombarded with trying to get me to do it differently.\n\nIt reminds me of those commercials where the raccoon wants his friend to try something that tastes bad..... and keeps trying and KEEPS trying..... GIVE ME A BREAK.  I should be able to turn that off!!!!!!\n\nThe trays ... tried them ... turned them off.  Concept would be better served puzzles being done on a larger surface not so much on iPad so glad I can turn that off.\n\nThe ONLY thing that keeps me from giving this 5 starts is the annoying persistent popups and having to “x” out 5 different things when I want to do a puzzle.', 'title': 'If ONLY you didn’t insist on telling me to complete more puzzles', 'userName': 'pepdot'}, {'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 11, 15, 34, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 6830839, 'body': 'Thank you for reaching out! We would like to fix this broken ad issue, however, we need more info in order to do so. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us so that our team can work to remove the broken ad as quickly as possible! We look forward to hearing from you!', 'modified': '2019-01-14T17:44:46Z'}, 'review': 'So I love this app and spend way too much time on it. I especially appreciate that I can now earn coins to spend by doing puzzles and successfully used this kind of transaction to buy a big puzzle pack last month. I’m looking forward to seeing the events and other new upcoming features.\n\nThe reason for my review today is that there is an ad for “Bingo Blitz” that plays when I try to access my puzzles in progress that provides no way to close it after it completes and does not go away. It’s blocking my ability to use the app. Even interacting with the ad and hitting the link to the App Store does not clear it. I don’t mind watching ads to fund a free app, but after I’ve watched it, it needs to let me “x” it out and continue playing or you’ll lose my engagement with the game.', 'title': 'Love it, but ad issues lately', 'userName': 'Egs1981'}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'OMG THE BEST (some improvement)', 'review': 'So this puzzle game makes me happier in many ways number 1 is just the simplicity and the customization possibilities with the game somehow they make the game so basic yet so complex it’s weird... But the only down side is that some puzzles need real money to solve and I think that shouldn’t be that case but set that aside and beyond amazing game!\n\nDevelopers should read:\nI think I have a way to change the paid for items you know those in-app offers that games have right? Well using those in game offers you could have a new coin: a black coin this would let you get the paid for puzzles and you would make up the money you lose by sponsors! Have a good day!', 'userName': 'kittens are amze', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 9, 1, 9, 21)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great puzzle fun!', 'review': 'I love doing these puzzles and I’m hoping it will help me on my fight against dementia!  I’m 74 and I read somewhere that working on assembling puzzles was a good exercise for your brain along with several other comprehension exercises.  I only have one improvement for the puzzles.  Please, please put more informative captions on them.  Many times I wish I knew where these scenes were located, their names or what country or city they are from.  Obviously, all the puzzles can’t have that information but I would so love to see it on the ones that can!  I also realize that many already have short captions.\nThank you for your consideration in this matter and thanks for the beautiful puzzles.', 'userName': 'Sandvette9', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 11, 17, 14, 55)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but frustrating', 'review': 'I downloaded this app a week ago and have already completed most of the free puzzles. It’s fun and addicting. However, there are two things that have me very close to deleting it. For one, you have to watch an ad before every single puzzle and they are never less than 30 seconds long. Maybe the app doesn’t create enough profit from selling puzzle packs? This doesn’t bother me as much as my next problem: on multiple occasions, I’ve had to watch at least FOUR 30 second ads just to play one puzzle. It happens more frequently every day. It looks as though the puzzle is loading but it never will, and you’re forced to go back to your puzzle pack to choose the puzzle again. Then you watch another ad and the same thing happens, at least four times.', 'userName': 'AbandonedMansion', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 2, 11, 45, 36)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Relaxing or challenging; You choose!', 'review': "This game is inexpensive, so go ahead and buy it right off the bat. You may choose the number of pieces for each puzzle; from 4 - 245 in some cases. You may also choose whether or not to have the pieces right-side-up or rotated. This game is NOT timed. You can choose to beat your previous times if you're interested. Personally, I hate timers. There is a feature whereby getting the puzzle piece in the correct place, that particular piece glows briefly. Brilliant!  Adding to your collection of puzzles can also be inexpensive. I can't remember the last time I paid $2.00 for 40 jigsaw puzzles. Well done, Devs!\nMy only complaint is that little tones have been added, when starting a puzzle.  I really appreciated the quietness of this game.", 'userName': 'Meileenkid', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 8, 16, 50, 31)}, {'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16787903, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-07-21T18:38:08Z'}, 'title': 'Coin purchase severely limited, unhappy!', 'review': 'I would love to give this game the five stars it deserves but I hate your new reduction in packs eligible for purchase with coins.  I have long enjoyed this game and was pleased that there was a coin purchase option added.  I purchased some packs with that procedure.  I have been unable to play as frequently for a while but started to really try to add up the coins recently to purchase certain packs.  Then you changed so only, in my opinion, less popular packs are eligible for coin purchase.  Guess you lost money with the coin purchase of more expensive popular packs so changed?  Shame on you for giving then taking away. Unhappy as I am I still have to give the game four stars for all the other things I love.', 'userName': 'Mathenie', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 20, 28, 57)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'I loved this app', 'review': 'I LOVED this app, actually more like obsessed. That is until the new update. It was perfect but now it’s very frustrating. Suddenly there is no board space so all the pieces are fighting for space and they clump around the edges. The puzzle also fights movement   Trying to move a single piece is very difficult because the board is so sensitive that the entire board moves, not the piece. BUT when zooming in and out, it is a battle as well. I keep hoping you will fix these issues but so far it hasn’t happened. I’m extremely frustrated and would at least like to know that you are working on it. I would have given a 5 star review a couple of weeks ago, sadly it’s a 1 now!', 'userName': 'Swermie', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 13, 39, 15)}, {'rating': 3, 'title': 'Best and brightest', 'review': 'I love this puzzle collection and have been using them and recommending them to all my friends.  Have two complaints  with the latest version. I have lost the wonderful click sound when a piece slides into place. I now get a blinking light when a piece fits, but I loved that sound.  They should bring it back as a choice.  Also the colors on almost all the puzzles are too bright and harsh.  It is as if they are printed with a super color filter. They are not as pretty as they once were.   But they are still good variety and fun to do.   One more thing...now the pi eves spread out too far and I am constantly  having to lock and unlock the puzzle to move it around to find the pieces.   I dropped my rating from  5 stars to  4 because of these changes, but still the best puzzle available.', 'userName': 'Detesdeb', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 8, 8, 6, 36)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best app to play while carrying on a conversation', 'review': "I love this app because I can get lost in it, letting my brain play with shapes and colors and space. And because it's using the right side of my brain, I have no trouble following or carrying on a conversation and still having fun. Multi-tasking without irritating loved ones or maybe not-so-loved ones!\n\n I would have given it 5 stars before this last update. Now the screen doesn’t react well to my touch and you can’t change the size of the puzzle, so pieces end up way at the edge. This results in pulling up other apps or just moving the whole page around without moving a piece. Please fix this, it was way better before the update.", 'userName': 'Dolphinios', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 3, 29, 10)}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16787810, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-21T18:29:37Z'}, 'title': 'Fun and relaxing', 'review': 'I’ve always enjoyed puzzles, but have really fallen for this. I haven’t lost a puzzle piece yet! Lol.\n\nNew updates include trays. Perfect for sorting when working a 400+ piece puzzle. The lock feature is great for keeping the board in place. I joyfully “cheat” by using the edge separation feature. Instantly remove the non-edges, so it’s much easier to get the border completed.\n\nThe negatives:\nI spend too much time playing here.\nThere are soooo many puzzles to choose from.\nThe Objectives were great at getting me to try all puzzle sizes, but now I’ve completed all but one Objective.\nNo rewards for completing the Objectives, other than personal satisfaction.\n\nThe positives far outweigh the negatives. There are occasional add-on challenges or opportunities. There are more ways to earn points towards purchasing additional puzzle packs.\n\nOne suggestion, one question:\nAs I select puzzle sizes, I used to see the points to be earned. Now I must go to How To Play to find out point values. Bring it back please? Also, points used to be doubled for rotation on. Can you bring that back also?\n\nThank you for this app! ❤️😊😷❤️', 'userName': 'Mama Judy 2', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 16, 23, 54, 37)}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13274949, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback and suggestions. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-03T23:10:10Z'}, 'title': 'My favorite puzzle app', 'review': 'This is my favorite app and a great puzzle program. It could be better if there were real goals to work toward that say had a time limit and you get more coins for completing the goals than just for completing the puzzle. Puzzle packs are not always inexpensive but they have some great ones and occasionally offer free puzzles. I like the layout and the way the pieces are placed around the puzzle and helpful tools if needed. and that there are a good number of nice free puzzles so upgrading and purchasing was my choice not forced. One improvement could be earning points for puzzle completion based on difficulty or time to complete and the points could be used toward more puzzles!!', 'userName': 'Flutterbuggbaby', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 3, 18, 40, 17)}, {'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13425486, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm glad to hear that you're enjoying our app on your new device. If you have any further questions or feedback, feel free to Contact Us from within the app's Settings. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-11T18:31:12Z'}, 'title': 'Very addictive!', 'review': 'I have enjoyed this app for a number of years and like doing my daily puzzle at 169 pieces on my aging iPad. I now find my 16 gigs of space are mostly taken and that is with offloading a number of apps. Now my puzzles are taking up more space with all the additional free sets and the  Chinese New Year puzzle and the "good job" that keeps popping up when I complete a puzzle. I have looked for a way to eliminate some of this but haven’t found one. Some days I can’t load the daily puzzle for lack of space.I have deleted my completed puzzles also. The iPad updates areThink I will have to find me a new puzzle app that doesn’t use so much space. With updates my  iPad system is taking up about a third of my memory.\n\nI solved my own problem by getting a new iPad. It would be good to be able to turn off some of the features. Thank you for responding', 'userName': 'Deedee018', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 11, 12, 54)}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 2982803, 'body': "Hello Halomama,\n\nThank you for updating your review. Although, we do advertise regularly to free users the option to remove ads in the game our support team will be happy to help with a credit for the upgrade. If you are interested in upgrading please use the support option in the game's settings menu to contact us and mention this review.", 'modified': '2018-03-30T15:45:20Z'}, 'title': 'Great variety of fun & challenging puzzles', 'review': 'I originally purchased a puzzle pack thinking I could play without the annoying Ads but apparently did not make the full Ad-free purchase. The developer was very responsive and offered me the ability to upgrade to Ad-free play with a credit for what I had already paid. This was a pleasant surprise & much appreciated.  I have yet to find a puzzle game as good as this one which has a great variety of beautiful puzzles. I hate Ads, so being able to purchase full game packs without Ads is a huge bonus and worth every penny (and far cheaper than buying puzzles in a box that fill up my game shelf!).  If you are looking for puzzles, this is the place to be.', 'userName': 'Halomama', 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 4, 17, 41, 37)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Colors', 'review': "I've been to many of the towns in the puzzles and I wonder if somebody has gone wild with photoshop because I find the colors quite lurid and unnatural in some cases. Venice was never that clean. About the only place where the colors look right is in Burano.  My favorite packs are the abstracts. What a challenge with the early morning coffee!\nPS July 23, 2017. I've been prompted to review the jigsaw again. Nothing has changed since I wrote the piece above. The colors are still lurid but I imagine they are helpful in matching pieces.\nI like the technology that makes the puzzles possible. The fact that the pieces click into place is very nice. Otherwise I would be scattering the whole thing over and over with my lazy fingers.", 'userName': 'Banskabystrica', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 5, 2, 25, 19)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love this app!', 'review': 'This app is so colorful that it makes me feel happy. The puzzles are beautiful and I like that I can select how many pieces I want my puzzle to be. I like that there is a wide selection of puzzles. I especially like the puzzle packs that offer many puzzles in a subject. The goals and challenges make this app very addicting. Also, the app is very relaxing. Provides me a good break during the day. \n\nA question for the developers. . . I did a free daily jigsaw puzzle of the jolly snowman and when I finished it the puzzle was not in my finished puzzles. Do the free daily puzzles go away after completion? I see my other completed puzzles but not my snowman which was so beautiful. Thank you for your reply.', 'userName': 'beachcats', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 27, 17, 57, 55)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fun & Relaxing Puzzles!', 'review': 'The set-up for each puzzle is adjustable so that you are able to play at whatever level you choose.  I can select an easier level just for fun, or a more complex level to challenge my mind.  Puzzles can be saved so that they can be played over several days if needed.  The Objectives encourage you to try new levels. There are initially quite a few free puzzles, and more freebies are offered periodically. Other puzzle sets can be purchased reasonably or with earned points.  Puzzle pieces are not lost, completed puzzles are dismantled for you and saved (which I find to be painful in reality.) My eyesight is the the biggest drawback to the game.  This is my favorite puzzle app.', 'userName': 'sugarButte', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 13, 8, 15, 14)}, {'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17567515, 'body': "Thanks for reporting an inappropriate ad. At MobilityWare, we have strict guidelines that don't allow political, sexual, religious, or violent content in ads. We proactively block these, but sometimes one can slip through. Please Contact Us from within the app's Settings with a screenshot of the ad so we can work to remove it. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-08-28T20:45:08Z'}, 'title': 'Great App! Points concerns.', 'review': 'Great app- the daily free puzzle gives a quick and easy diversion from the stress of the day.\nIn recent months, this app has offered ways to accrue points by watching ads for other apps, subscriptions and services. Some of the games in these ads depict such cruelty that they are painful for me to watch, and I have started placing my phone face down on the table when those play. I wish there was a way to opt out of ads that depict such cruelty, but if I want to obtain points, there is not.\nLastly, I used to be able to redeem those points earned for a puzzle pack but don’t see any more how to do that. Is this no longer available? If so, why am I still being offered the means to keep accruing points? Thanks for any help.', 'userName': 'Hochima T', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 25, 6, 32, 27)}, {'rating': 5, 'title': 'Terrible latest upgrade', 'review': 'The latest upgrade is a disaster!!\nFinished and partially completed puzzles reload to 0% so you have to do it all over again, very frustrating!! The background colors now have a darker shadow around the edges making harder to see certain colors. The backgrounds load in completely different order so you have to scroll through them a lot more to find the one you want. The touch screen is way more sensitive moving the whole screen when wanting to just move a piece. It does not load faster as stated, actually some of it is slower. \nPlease revert to previous setting and fix the problems before relaunching this upgrade', 'userName': 'cjckvpv', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 22, 0, 58, 30)}, {'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23508240, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-21T19:54:44Z'}, 'title': 'Great Fun!', 'review': 'I love this puzzle game because the pieces light up when they are in the right places. They also have great puzzle pictures to do with differentiation instead of lots of the same color. I love the picture that you can get so you can see how to do the real hard places and if it had shapes of the pieces where you could turn the outline off & on and just see the shapes it would be just perfect and wonderful! But I adore the puzzle image picture. I love the tray and trays so I can sort colors. I am a Senior citizen and this REALLY HELPS me. I just love your program it is the best out there because it also has such diversity of pictures. Thank for all your hard work. Know it is appreciated!', 'userName': 'Ninajeancapps', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 18, 2, 13, 48)}, {'rating': 4, 'title': 'Cool, Except for Share', 'review': 'We purchased the game. The free and purchased puzzles are really nice. You can make puzzles easy or challenging or difficult by the number of pieces you specify. To make your own photos work you should crop them square first, otherwise the cropping is problematic. No problem. Then there is Share. It shows up when you complete a puzzle. Instead of sharing the puzzle, it shares a link to the game if the recipient is using an iOS device or a product web page if the recipient is using a computer. That is not sharing.  If you use the Share button you should be sharing a large image of the puzzle you just completed, not sending an advertisement. Sort of a nit, maybe. Other than that, the game is cool.', 'userName': 'Bob Kerstetter', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 14, 4, 22, 52)}, {'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19935897, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-22T16:33:57Z'}, 'title': 'Too many annoying changes', 'review': 'I have been using this app for years and loved it. My favorite thing is the “click” when a piece fits into place. However, recently there have been multiple changes that have decreased my enjoyment of this app. First, the continuous pop-ups are too many. I mean, I paid for this app to avoid pop-ups, and now there is a pop-up every time I change screens. Why?! Secondly, I don’t use the tray, and don’t like having to turn it off. Third, I liked having the options at the bottom where they were smaller and didn’t obscure the view so much. Fourth, I hate,hate, hate that I have to go through two screens to get back to the home page. I understand that you are trying to update and improve things, but if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. Thank you.', 'userName': 'siona7', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 16, 23, 11, 19)}, {'userName': 'Hoosier mom', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 15, 11, 27, 9), 'title': 'Quarantine lifesaver!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Being isolated can be a nightmare without something to keep my mind occupied. This app is exactly what I needed to simultaneously stimulate my intellect and calm my anxiety. It’s also perfect for quiet evenings before bed or tucked in a dimly lit room beside a cheerful fire. The puzzle choices are incredible! There are MANY free puzzles and free daily challenges that earn enough credits for adding to my collection in addition to the huge variety of puzzle artists for any taste or age to enjoy. I appreciate the regular updates and maintenance that keep the app compatible with my IOS. You people rock! I plan to seek out other games and apps developed by your company in the future. Thank you for such a wonderful and delightful app.'}, {'userName': 'VeronicasReviews', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 28, 16, 11, 59), 'title': 'Way too many ads — very distracting and irritating', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18813941, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-10-30T21:31:21Z'}, 'review': 'I don’t mind some ads or the opportunity to pay a fixed amount for an ad-free version. However, this app constantly bombards you with pop-ups and ads. And it’s not as if I haven’t spent plenty of money on puzzle packs! I certainly don’t expect to have to deal with ads when I’m already paying something.\n\nThe good: This is a well-designed app and keeps getting better, except for the increased number of ads and slight increase in the sale” prices. I would give it five stars except for the pop-up issue.\n\nA complaint about many of the puzzles: the color saturation has been so bumped up that it ruins many beautiful photographs. There are quite a few puzzle packs that I would have purchased, except the color was horrendous.'}, {'userName': '65seal', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 13, 5, 48, 25), 'title': 'Need some help', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14049628, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm glad to hear that our Support page was able to help with your issue. Additionally, regarding the trays in the app, we've listened to player feedback and have added the option to hide the trays feature. Please open the in-game Settings and scroll to the very bottom to locate this option. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-16T22:02:03Z'}, 'review': 'Been using this app for over a year now and loving it. I have never had any issues until two days ago and it froze when the rate box popped up. I clicked off and opened it back today and it is still froze. It will not let me do anything. Also someone mentioned the trays, I really don’t like them either, they do take up to much space, and they were to time consuming to use.\n\nThanks customer support for responding, but I went to your page and read about what to do if your game freezes. It said to shut down the device, I did and it went back to working. Thanks for a great game. Really enjoying the clue game, lots of fun and very addictive.'}, {'userName': 'covcty', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 31, 20, 52, 35), 'title': 'Now I am disappointed', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17103820, 'body': "Hi covcty, I understand why you're disappointed and I'm sorry about that. Fortunately, we haven't removed the 9-piece puzzle from the game. I hope that you and your child will be able to continue enjoying the game with that option instead. Thanks for taking the time to share your feedback!", 'modified': '2020-08-05T17:10:17Z'}, 'review': 'What was a decent four star review is now a two star rating. It may not sound like a big deal but as far as I could tell there was nothing wrong with having an option for playing a puzzle with just four pieces but they took that option away. I play the game my way but my child would be able to participate with me when they had the option to choose the four piece puzzle. Now I no longer can play with my child and will have to go somewhere else to be able to do it. I am not sure that I am going to keep a game that for no reason other than what they told me was that others commented that there was four pieces. Well that is why I am writing this review because there’s a reason why and that is to play with a child. You didn’t have to select the four pieces if you didn’t want to play them.'}, {'userName': 'xfy8', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 1, 20, 28, 25), 'title': 'Update is poor', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I used to love this app, now I’m considering deleting it. I love the puzzles but there are too many frustrations with this app to enjoy it. There are too many adds throughout it. I don’t mind the adds to get the free shuffles. But dislike having to put up with them for everything else.... to restart a puzzle, to move to the next puzzle etc. And especially dislike the add that always at the top or bottom of the screen. The scatter pushes the pieces too far out and the screen on which to work the puzzle is too small. I started doing puzzles as a way to relax but now it has become frustrating to the point of not enjoying it, much less being able to relax by playing it. If there is this same app that I can purchase and eliminate the ads please let me know.'}, {'userName': 'NBI517', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 11, 17, 8, 21), 'title': 'New update', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I was so happy when I got the “clicks” back indicating the pieces “snapped together” after an update silenced them - waited over a year for that fix.   With this last update they are so muted that I have to have the volume as high as it will go to faintly hear them snap together making all the newly added (useless) noises so loud they are startling.  I don’t need the pieces to flash when they are in the right location,  I would know that by the clunking sound.  All I want is to HEAR the reassuring click again when pieces fit together regardless of their location.  How long will it take to fix this glitch???\nWhy do you keep trying to improve an app that used to be great before you messed with it?   Obviously,  you don’t do jigsaw puzzles!'}, {'userName': 'gigi7gk', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 1, 12, 31), 'title': 'Shouldn’t have ads with purchased puzzles', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 24319781, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry that you've encountered misbehaving ads. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-56796 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-08-04T20:21:44Z'}, 'review': 'I have always enjoyed this app until recently. I am getting ads now on my purchased puzzles and they show up often. Also, the on sale puzzles are not as good as they once were and there are few puzzles that are offered for your points. The ads that interrupt your game play are particularly irritating. What happened? I now have another complaint: ads that stay on and don’t give you an option to delete them. These ads come on when I reopen my purchased puzzles and then I just have to close the app because the ad won’t go away! \nNow, even when I close the app and come back to it, there is a black screen with an x in the corner. Only problem, the x doesn’t do anything. So how do I get back to my purchased puzzles?'}, {'userName': 'KSponz', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 14, 21, 54, 9), 'title': 'Enough with the “improvements”!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23465483, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-18T20:05:00Z'}, 'review': 'I’ve enjoyed this game for quite some time, but you keep making improvements I could heartily do without. 1. Used to be, I could collapse the See More corner tab on the daily free puzzle; not anymore, even after looking at the collection. 2. The title of the picture used to stay till it was dismissed; now it disappears so fast you can’t even read the whole title if it’s long. Please put it back the way it was! 3. Puzzle pieces seem harder than ever to grab and move without moving the whole board. 4. And now the options bar at the top won’t disappear. Was able to get rid of it for more space until recently. Hate being a malcontent, but if you’d restore these items the way they were and not keep fiddling with the game, I’ll give 5 stars.'}, {'userName': 'Doc D55', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 21, 6, 16), 'title': 'RMD- Jigsaw', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19469781, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're continuing to have issues in the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1018333 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-01T16:36:15Z'}, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this jigsaw puzzle for 5 to 6 years. I stop playing it due to the “Stylus Proximity Problem”, which is what I call it. Placing the stylus, or your finger to, example, move around the puzzle and pieces that are around the stylus move instead of the puzzle itself. And trying to move the top piece in a group of pieces is purely luck. You can move 10 pieces before you get the top one. It gets very frustrating because you mostly never know what piece is going to move. Or trying to move the puzzle with a piece 1/4 of an inch away it guaranteed the piece will move. Pure Frustration. I know this is a Very complicated program to create and maintain, but still this Proximity problem needs some more Consideration. Please.'}, {'userName': 'KatlynnJ', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 9, 58, 26), 'title': 'New upgrade is a downgrade', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19329804, 'body': "Hi there, Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:05:16Z'}, 'review': 'Loved the game, played it daily, purchased about $120 worth of puzzles. It ‘was’ worth it..once.  The game has gone through many changes - usually good - they added sorting trays, hidden pop up tools at the bottom, easy scroll back and forth for choosing your board..it was very nice.  Until today, when they suddenly  decided without warning to change the entire interface back to the most basic version available.  No more sorting trays.  No more pop up tools.  One direction scrolling to choose a background.  It’s the same or worse than when it started.  Even the free version my husband uses still has better perks.  Don’t purchase puzzles or waste your money just to have all your goodies arbitrarily taken away on a whim. And you can’t go back to a previous version. Stick with the free app and free puzzles. You do not get what you pay for with this developer.'}, {'userName': 'Tabletha', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 8, 16, 44, 56), 'title': 'Coins are completely worthless', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17269237, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-08-13T20:46:34Z'}, 'review': 'As of today, 8/8/20, there are 231 puzzle packs.  Can only use reward coins to get 35 of them.  That represents only 15% of the total number of puzzle packs, and they are the dregs of the crap.  The rest are exorbitantly priced.  What is the point of collecting coins, when they don’t get you anything anymore???  I used to purchase packs and use coins for others.  Now I do neither.  I stopped purchasing when they became completely indifferent to fixing huge problems with piece pick-up.  Their customer service tells me they are “known” glitches and problems (but they don’t fix them.)  Kept the app to use accumulated coins (now up to 4404 worthless, meaningless rewards) and see if they ever changed a thing for the better.  It just keeps getting worse.  ...Oddly, they perpetually ask you to do things for coins.  What is the incentive, when they buy you nothing but boring crap?'}, {'userName': 'Our daily word', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 12, 0, 26, 10), 'title': 'Ad Crazy', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16656858, 'body': 'Hello, unfortunately removing third party ads won’t eliminate promotional messages. We use them to inform players about new things happening in our apps! They’re meant to be simple to close so they don’t intrude on your game experience. Please Contact Us from within the app’s Help & Support page if you experience any issues so our Support Team can help!', 'modified': '2020-07-15T22:44:09Z'}, 'review': 'I would rate this a zero if I could. There are countless ad pop ups constantly splashed before you. And this is after I paid for the ad-less version. In fact, the ad-less version displays more ads than the free version IMO. I have also purchased puzzle packs yet I get ad after ad. IMO this guy ripped me off.\n\nAs for the puzzle app itself, it is a decent app and I would rate it 3.5 stars. It is a fun puzzle app ONCE you get to puzzle making. It has some nice features to aid in making puzzles but some of these could be improved. For example, the scatter function scatters all the puzzle pieces on the board outside the puzzle frame. Whereas this is a great feature, the result leaves pieces covering other pieces. This leaves you with the tedious task of uncovering them, a real PAIN.\n\nAnd then there are features that have little to do with puzzle making that some users might not want to use; yet there is no option setting to turn them off. A minor complaint but worth mentioning.\n\nI have used this app for several years, almost daily at times when I want to relax. But each update, which are far too frequent IMO, seem to be plagued with more ad pop ups and little to no improvements, a total waste of my bandwidth just to get ads.\n\nA potentially good app suffering from ad pop ups. I am searching for better.'}, {'userName': 'thecolborns', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 11, 15, 56, 18), 'title': 'Disappointed in Oregon', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15302045, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the ads in the app. Please consider that our studio relies on revenue from ads to fund the development of our free games and updates. Ads should be simple to close after a short timer, but please Contact Us and let us know if you see a broken ad so our team can get it fixed right away!", 'modified': '2020-05-13T18:44:26Z'}, 'review': 'I play at least one puzzle every day and have enjoyed this app so much in the past years.  I have bought many puzzle packages in spite of being a cheapskate when it involves spending money on apps for entertainment. Then about a month or two ago the sponsors literally stole my play space with their ads.  I had a procedure that involved fitting small pieces together in the borders and turning the lock on and off.  So I was VERY UPSET and ANGRY when said sponsors STOLE my work area. If I could find another puzzle app that made all pieces available like this one, I would change apps. I tried writing to them but it did no good and I would rather be ignored than read the lame response I received from these money hungry jerks. In conclusion, I think the app itself is excellent but unless you enjoy frustration, I can’t recommend this app anymore.'}, {'userName': 'Artrilla', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 24, 19, 14, 7), 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I find the puzzles fun to do and think they help to keep my mind functioning.  I also like the free puzzle too.  Gives variety.i have been doing puzzles for over a year and have enjoyed them.  The holiday based ones are a nice change but I love the animals, particularly cats!    The option of a hundred pieces I find too small for the size of my phone.\n\nI continue to enjoy the many varieties of puzzles, particularly the cats and other animals.  The free ones provide a nice addition each day as well.  I usually do four or five puzzles most days and continue to find them enjoyable.\n\nNearly another year has passed and the puzzles keep providing great fun.  Keep new ones coming!!'}, {'userName': 'lynndepoopie', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 13, 19, 39), 'title': 'Some of your new changes', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 7826031, 'body': "Hi Lynn Roderique, \n\nThank you so much for taking the time to share your experience with you. It's a real delight to know that you are enjoying our game and we appreciate you being a loyal player. However, we are extremely saddened to hear that our update is causing you issues. I want to assure you that our development team is doing everything to quickly resolve the issue. I really want to make sure that you can get back to solving puzzles as soon as possible. Please keep an eye out for a new update in the near future. Thank you so much again for reaching out!", 'modified': '2019-03-20T19:34:10Z'}, 'review': 'I do these puzzles constantly. They are the only puzzles that I can find that work this way. I do not like a couple of your changes because they are now driving me crazy. \nWhen I open a puzzle up, all the puzzle pieces go off the side of my iPad.\n Then I have to pull them together and push the lock button which never is the right size.\n When I push the I button to see what the puzzle looks like I can’t extend it out as far as I used to and it’s hard for me to see what the puzzle pieces look like, while I am working the puzzle.\nI am 70 years old partially disabled, and the puzzles keep me sane throughout my day. \nI’m sure at this point there’s nothing you can do to fix the problem, so thanks for listening.\nPlease look at my account to see how much money I have spent with you, and I am on a very fixed income. \nYou do have a large variety of puzzles and I guess you can tell by looking at what I buy to see the subjects I like. \nI do Love your puzzles and have searched for any other puzzle that work like yours but I can’t find any. \nThank you for the puzzles and the great variety. \nYours truly \nLynn Roderique'}, {'userName': 'Etaj1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 14, 3, 44, 17), 'title': 'Not what it used to be', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20384522, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-01-13T21:32:34Z'}, 'review': 'I\'ve had this app for years and it\'s sadly going down hill.  New versions inundate you with pop ups to earn rewards and participate in dumb challenges.  Rewards are now  *totally* worthless as there are never actually any decent puzzle packs you can buy with them (a significant change from how it used to be).  Like iOS, I strongly recommend you stop updating after the initial download.  FYI "contact us" is a joke... Leads to a form with a drop down menu.  You can only contact them if you want to discuss advertising, big surprise!  Edit:  following the instructions in their response leads to the same paltry reward offerings I mentioned above.  You can use your rewards on boring vistas or cartoon holidays.  I\'ve played every day for years... Like I said, not what it used to be!'}, {'userName': 'bfijgdvnndjj', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 14, 15, 21, 41), 'title': '.....It’s ok..........', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14713641, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the ads in the app. Please consider that our studio relies on revenue from ads to fund the development of our free games and updates. Ads should be simple to close after a short timer, but please Contact Us and let us know if you see a broken ad so our team can get it fixed right away!", 'modified': '2020-04-16T17:50:21Z'}, 'review': 'I love all the beautiful puzzles that you can do and I love how you can get free puzzle packs as well as ones you can buy. It’s really good for kids because if they don’t have money and can’t buy things then they can get free puzzle packs or the free daily puzzles. I have to say it’s really relaxing and no mess. Another reason why I like this app is because other puzzle apps don’t have an option to change the size or how many pieces but with Jigsaw Puzzles you can have as many as 4 pieces to over 100 pieces. The only thing I would recommend to change is how many ads there are because there’s an ad before and after you do the puzzle and there are ads while I’m doing the puzzle. But apart from that I love this app and it is the best puzzle app I have had so far.❤️🧩'}, {'userName': 'NB1271', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 27, 3, 29, 46), 'title': 'Updates Have Made Things Worse', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I have had this app for a few years, and it used to be great. But the updates this year have made it really annoying! In addition to the issues others have mentioned, I’m frustrated by the way it now handles unfinished puzzles. It used to be that you would pick up on an unfinished puzzle exactly where you left off, but now it makes you start all over (even if it was 95% completed). And what’s worse,  it frequently marks the last puzzle you did as “unfinished,” and makes you do it again from scratch - even though you completed it. That is really, really aggravating. I contacted the company, and they said they were aware of the problem...but every update since then has failed to fix it. Very disappointing - I’m about ready to delete the app and check out other puzzles.'}, {'userName': 'Superk1950', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 3, 9, 56), 'title': 'Better than ever.  Not now', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': "New version is better than ever.  I spend way too much time with this app.   Can't put it down.\n\nNot so better than ever any more.  Down grading to three stars simply because of the clunkyness built in.  Not being able to move more than one piece at a time really takes a lot away from app.  At least for me.  It really slows things down and makes the screen jerk way too much.  Please fix this and I'll give the other two stars back.\n\nTaking another star away.  I like to pull all pieces off of puzzle to the sides.   I usually split the pieces in half.  Half to each side.  It has really gotten even more difficult to move the pieces.  I used to use two or three finger to do this, but one finger is difficult.  What have you guys done?   I play at 400 piece setting.  Sorting used to be fairly quick to do.  Not now."}, {'userName': 'Thefuel', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 12, 17, 0), 'title': 'Recent update is horrible!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I loved this app, but this recent update has really ruined it and turned it into a huge aggravation. It’s a struggle to move any of the pieces, it’s like the don’t even respond. I’ve also notice when you finally are able to select a piece there is a huge difference from where your finger is to where the piece actually is making it hard to navigate. This also leads to the wrong pieces being selected often. It takes forever to solve puzzles now and it does not run smoothly at all. Lastly, with this update it has stopped saving your progress when you leave the app. I’ve logged back on to my puzzles since updating and have to spend time redoing parts that were finished before I left. If it doesn’t improve, I’ll have to find a new app.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 2806753, 'body': 'Thank you for your review of Jigsaw Puzzle and reporting the issue with this ad. We have identified the bad advertisement and blocked it from being distributed by the ad network. We suggest force closing the game and restarting the app to ensure you are no longer being interrupted by these pop-ups. We apologize for any trouble this ad issue has caused.', 'modified': '2018-03-12T17:26:35Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 11, 6, 47, 35), 'title': 'Dangerous!', 'userName': 'thebear46', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I tried sending a my complaint through the app but it would not send. \nI have never downloaded an app with an add stopping game play and advertising winning money etc every 15 seconds. It is very rude. I was able to put together one puzzle. I was truly contemplating buying the no ad version then this insidious stupid ad began flashing and filling up my internet saves on my phone. I just erased 40 of them and canNOT even write this without stopping what I am assuming is probably ransomware. I will not click and follow it.\nI took an SS but can not put it on and send. \nIf this continues I will post on iTunes with a very poor rating and plenty of complaints. \nThe ad is coming from you? I would have bought the no ad version but the screen changes to the click through ad so quickly I can’t even do that. Now I have to go and erase again more than 50 of the same saved website. REALLY?? I will find another puzzle app \nSorry but it is beyond annoying. It is frightening because the ad offers junk. It is for winning a phone or money etc. All fake and really dangerous.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 19, 15, 7, 51), 'title': 'Love This App', 'userName': 'NCBirder', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I spend many hours working these puzzles. I rarely work "real" puzzles anymore. The benefits of on-line puzzles are: they go where you go, you never lose a piece and the puzzle is never in the way (like one on the dining room table might be). New collections of puzzles are released often, and some are always on sale. I would like to say something to the monitors of this app. After Christmas every store in the country puts their wrapping paper on sale except you. We are going into the holiday season. I think you should have a preholiday puzzle sale soon (incl. the wrapping paper). I\'m sure you\'ll release new puzzles as each holiday approaches. I work the puzzles on an iPad mini.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16023935, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-943404 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-06-16T14:38:15Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 14, 13, 35, 29), 'title': 'Too many advertisements!', 'userName': 'acts25', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I hate having to go through 3 or 4 clicks just to get from one puzzle to the ability to choose the next.  Change it back to the way it was before.\nSomething that was very useful, was the ability to click on only border after the border was finished.  It used to include all pieces that were clicked in place.  It was very good for differentiating between those that attached, and those that weren’t.\nIt also seems that the ability click a piece in place is not as strong as it used to be.  Sometimes I have tried to place a piece several times, and given up, only to have it place after another adjacent piece was placed.\nAlso the ability to enlarge the view has been limited so that it cannot be made equal to the size of the puzzle.  Previously, you could make it larger than the puzzle size (I believe - or at least equal).\nGenerally, I have not found any of the changes you made since taking over the product to be helpful.\nI still like the product, but I wish you would return it to its previous state.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21119350, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2021-02-17T17:40:36Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 13, 1, 55, 20), 'title': 'Used to be so much better 😞', 'userName': 'VeronicaRytting', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this game for years and I have loved it, but over the last few months, something has changed and now there are so many pop-ups which are the opposite of relaxing (the whole reason I play this game) and there isn’t an option to buy out of the pop-ups. There are also way less puzzles available to buy with in game coins that we’ve bought or earned, and the biggest issue is how much data it uses. It uses more storage than any other app I have. Why?! Makes me not want to play. I wish there were a way to clear cached data so that it didn’t take up so much memory. I will gladly re-rate higher if anything positive changes in the future.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16654556, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-955612 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-07-15T18:49:56Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 12, 20, 16, 9), 'title': 'Not as nice as it once was.', 'userName': 'bleu1912', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I have had this on several iPads over a few years. I am the only one of my FB friends who likes doing jigsaw puzzles. I used to be able to share at least what the puzzle looked like when done. Now,  I am unable to do that. I understand the need for some ads but this app has become very annoying of late. Why not charge a fee for ads as other apps do? If the ads continue as they are now, I may just delete it when I finish doing each of the ones I have downloaded via purchase. I loved it when I began but now, not so much. Then, maybe someone else owns it now. I am now not doing any daily puzzles, am tired of the ever constant ads and maybe will complete what I have purchased by doing them off line if that is even possible anymore.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16367129, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-949424 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-07-02T17:07:39Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 29, 0, 20, 18), 'title': 'Cheats you', 'userName': 'Flashy Ramone', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Even though my accomplishments had reset several times despite my certainty that I hadn’t missed a day, I assumed the game was right and I was wrong-until a few days ago. It happened to me so many times, after the last time, I decided to pay very close attention to whether I had missed a day in my attempt to do a puzzle every day for 80 days. I was perfect for weeks, then suddenly I wasn’t getting a notice about my progress (a sign that your objectives have been reset.) Sure enough, after a few days it showed that I was at 3% of the 80 day objective. I am sure the purpose of this is to ensure that you keep coming back and watching their ads on a daily basis, but with me, this approach has backfired. Now that I know it doesn’t matter whether I check in every day or not, I won’t make a point of checking in daily.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20173095, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with an in-app message. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1049045 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-01-04T19:35:00Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 28, 17, 40, 53), 'title': 'A great tinewaster😃', 'userName': 'JB1956DD', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I will add my two cents in that the boxes to the side of the puzzle do not really help for most puzzles.  I did use it on the 1024 rotating puzzle.  When a piece is near the place where it goes, it seems to fight going there.  I stopped my present puzzle with rotTing pieces because I was spending so much time trying to get the piece to click in place.  I truly enjoy puzzles and will continue to play them as long as you provide them.\n\nI saw an advertisement flash on my screen when I opened the game which had a puzzle pack for 5000 coins.  I have them and would like to use them but tge ad hasn’t appeared again and I can’t find it.  Please advise.  Thank you', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 10618039, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out. We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you ran into some issues that resulted in lost progress. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-800540 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-09-10T20:57:01Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 9, 4, 6, 32), 'title': 'Buggy and unreliable', 'userName': 'dwr budr', 'rating': 2, 'review': "I just downloaded this a few days ago. Bought the premium version, bought a couple puzzle packs, and started puzzling. On the positive, this app does puzzle well, when it works. Really feels like working on a real world puzzle. The downside though is that the app has difficulty connecting and downloading anything, and only seems to actually work (though with difficulty) on wifi. Just now I lost 6 hours of progress and my completion history when the app started freezing while trying to load it's own background. I tried everything I could think of to fix it, and ultimately tried reinstalling the app which wiped everything out, despite connecting to Facebook. Seems like a real pain to start anything new while wondering if you're going to lose everything at some random point...", 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 16, 19, 23, 32), 'title': 'Bugs still need fixing', 'userName': 'pipsooz', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'My habit is to do puzzles in a particular sequence. Lately I have been coming back to the app only to find that puzzles I completed yesterday show up in the unfinished category.  It will say I have completed some random percent of the puzzle but it forces me to start over. Today there were four puzzles like that. Before all these updates, I could go to an unfinished puzzle and start where I left off.  Now I can’t, so I make it a point not to leave anything unfinished. Still, completed puzzles show up as incomplete. Another bug I have found is that often a piece is hidden behind the lower right arrow.  It can take quite a bit of time to work the piece out so the puzzle can be finished.  These are minor annoyances. I still like the app quite a bit.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23634559, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-06-28T16:05:51Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 24, 19, 17, 37), 'title': 'Disappointed user', 'userName': 'the ex-user', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I have been playing your app for quite a while now. I have spent a fair amount of money buying your puzzle packs. I have spent a good deal of my time and energy earning your coins playing your little game and watching your ads. Now you have the audacity to devalue the the coins I have amassed to one third or less of the value of what they used to be worth. Then what few puzzle packs you allow coins to be used to purchase, you price them from 3 to 5 times the cost. Quite frankly I am very disappointed with the app that used to be my favorite. I intend to spend the coins I have left. Then I will not use your app any more. You are not the only app available. I have another and they have not devalued their coins. Most of their puzzle packs are available to buy with coins you earn. I am sure you don’t care as long as you think you win. I am no longer in your game.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 13, 21, 14, 20), 'title': 'Passing time while engaging brain', 'userName': 'Runnerreh', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve now been playing/using this puzzle app for some 3 years or so and find it very engaging and challenging. As with all apps the point is to separate you from some of your money. The very nice feature is it takes very little money to get challenging puzzles. There was a feature that offer challenges and recorded the results showing you what you’ve done and have yet to do. They took that feature down a year ago or so but when you check it out it indicates it’s only temporary. We’ll see. Otherwise, I find this one of my \nused apps with options that will give every puzzle solver everything they need.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 12, 13, 40, 58), 'title': 'Love the App...getting annoyed with ads and pop ups', 'userName': 'DoveCall', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I have had this App for a long time and it is by far my favorite because I love doing puzzles. I love that I can do them anytime anywhere. I love my Saturday morning coffee and puzzle time and my everyone else is in bed puzzle time. However, you are ruining it with pop ups and advertising. I initially paid for this App to avoid this very thing and it was great for a long time. Then you started with the pop up screens when I launch the App and I put up with it because I love the App so much. Only now you keep adding advertising more and more and it’s ruining the whole thing. It looks like my initial payment for the App only got me so far. This used to be so nice and stress free; I miss that.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 4, 1, 26, 10), 'title': 'Last update is awful!', 'userName': 'colson854', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'A few months ago, I would have given this app 5 stars. But now, I have trouble moving the pieces around. I thought it was just me, until I read some other reviews. Also, this app doesn’t save my puzzles when they are completed. I shouldn’t have to finish a puzzle more than once for it to count. If I save a partially completed puzzle; when I go into my saved puzzles and click on it, it is all scattered everywhere. I don’t save a puzzle without having the edges put together. I am seriously going to look at other jigsaw puzzle apps. I don’t have time for this nonsense. As the saying goes, “if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it!”.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 23, 14, 40, 31), 'title': 'Free Daily Puzzle', 'userName': 'transplanted liver', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’ve been playing this app for a number of years and love it. However, in the last few weeks after I’ve completed the daily puzzle and exited out of it properly, the next day there it sits saying incomplete puzzle in progress. And it doesn’t go away unless I rework it. I go to it and it’s complete, but scatters itself once again. The jerky movements of the puzzle pieces I can work with, but I truly dislike having to do each puzzle twice. Also, having to enter a “nickname “ to post a review, and every name I try to use is “taken”. Really! One could spend all day trying to guess what isn’t “taken”. Well, that’s about 8 names I’ve tried so far. Up to a dozen now. I guess this is one way of never getting negative reviews. But now I’m really starting to be annoyed.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 8452227, 'body': "Hello KwokerKwokster! First, I would like to thank you for taking the time to review Jigsaw Puzzle! Second, I would like to express my regret to hear you're having so much trouble with the recent update. Our Support team has some suggestions that will be useful in getting your game back to its prior glory! Please reach out to us via Game Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and provide a brief description of the issues you're encountering as well as reference #503469 so we know your inquiry is tied to this review. Our team looks forward to hearing from you and assisting you!", 'modified': '2019-04-30T16:06:10Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 22, 18, 3, 57), 'title': 'Terrible update that created more problems', 'userName': 'KwokerKwokster', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Ever since a recent update, it has become more difficult to navigate this app and it is no longer user-friendly.  Zooming out to show all of the scattered puzzle pieces no longer works because some remain off screen and sliding them towards the center of the screen is difficult.  Moving pieces around the board has also become a challenge where I’m having a much harder time selecting a piece and moving it.  I have also found that when I’m in the middle of a puzzle and need to stop/pause, when I go back in to resume, the puzzle has gone a few steps back and doesn’t pick up where I left off.  All of this is very frustrating and makes this app less relaxing.  I hope others voice the same frustrations so these bugs will be fixed.  It’s very surprising that updates to an app can actually make it worse to use.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 30, 6, 19, 7), 'title': 'It was okay...I guess', 'userName': 'RGHeckle', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I really enjoyed the puzzles and it really was enjoyable. But I have several issues with the mechanics. Three stars was generous for how many bugs there are.\n\nTo start, when you place a puzzle pieces too far to the edge of the screen, it is very difficult to move out of that area and instead you end up moving the puzzle posts itself rather than the piece. It was quite annoying.\n\nIt secondly kept popping up with the same thing asking if I wanted to review the game. Even if I said “don’t ask again” it still would.\n\nAnd finally the worst bug is very obnoxious and was what made me delete the game eventually and get a different one. The game kept playing ads which is fine, that is if I can actually play the game when the ad is over. But I could not press the play button after the ad was over. It was stuck in pressed but was not opening the puzzle. I just had to exit the puzzle and press play again, hoping I would not have to watch another ad. But I did every time with no skip button. I mainly just closed the app completely and went back in later with hope it would actually let me play. But most of the time it did not.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 17, 15, 46, 43), 'title': 'Puzzles', 'userName': 'wild @life puzzler', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Years ago I bought puzzle groups but when I had phone problems I could not transfer the purchased items. The owners of this app will NEVER get in touch with you but will gladly accept your money. This is very poor goodwill/customer relations. I will no longer purchase puzzles but use only the free ones. Now the good part. I have no problems and now have the option to go smaller than 100 pieces without purchase. I do one or 2 every night before bed to unwind. I was in an accident and now have issues and working these puzzles has helped greatly although I no longer can solve as quickly as I once did; but, I am getting faster. So, in the end I am great full for to the app owners for these puzzles.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14713978, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the ads in the app. Please consider that our studio relies on revenue from ads to fund the development of our free games and updates. Ads should be simple to close after a short timer, but please Contact Us and let us know if you see a broken ad so our team can get it fixed right away!", 'modified': '2020-04-16T18:29:21Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 15, 5, 2, 41), 'title': 'Could be great', 'userName': 'Sudoku ninja', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I’ve been using this app for about 6 months and I am in search of something better.  The problems that I have is all the ads.  You watch and add to play a puzzle and when you come back have to watch another ad to finish.  The problem is that a lot of times I get there are no ads, the puzzle pretends to load but freezes instead and you have to restart the app and then watch yet another app!  Frustrating, the only reason I use this app is because it’s the only one that allow 1000 piece puzzles.\n\nAlso there should be an option to completely collapse the boxes.  They take up room and hide pieces.\n\nUpdate,I found the option to collapse the box.  They developers are listening.  Fix the ad issue and that will raise the stars.', 'isEdited': False}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12754087, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with that feature. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-864397 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-01-06T19:40:51Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 13, 51, 54), 'title': 'Fix the objective glitch for daily puzzling!', 'userName': 'FrogMasterFlex89766', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'I enjoy using this app and even waited diligently while objectives were unavailable. The puzzle selection is good, daily puzzles are fun, the ads are annoying but I understand it’s necessary to keep the app free- no issues there. My biggest qualm is there’s a HUGE GLITCH where sometimes it does not count your puzzle toward “The Long Haul” objective (yes it meets all requirements of being at least 64 pieces and on a different date from the previous). I’ve noticed if you click the pop up treasure ad to earn more coins before exiting out of the completed puzzle it will NOT count that puzzle toward the daily puzzling objective. I’m up to 23 days in a row and only got counted for 19. Which is frustrating. I will update this review to a much higher rating once this issue is fixed. They deserve at least 4 stars.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 25, 0, 45, 19), 'title': 'Not crazy about new update.', 'userName': 'ClearAnnie', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Hi, I’ve had this app and enjoyed it for about six years.  I use it everyday and regularly purchase puzzle packages.  The newest update has caused me so much frustration that I’m tempted to delete the app.  First of all when I’m scrolling through a puzzle package to find a puzzle to do every time I lift my finger to consider which puzzle to do next the package scrolls back to the top and I have to start over.  Also the touch feature used for moving the pieces and adjusting the frame is so messed up. It’s not responsive and it’s very jerky and delayed.  These issues must be corrected or I may delete the app because I do this to relax and it frustrated me so very much I have almost thrown my devise across the room.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'New update !', 'review': 'I love playing my puzzles because it’s short and I can play it anywhere while waiting. The newest update as much as the new colors are more vibrant I don’t like that it’s more difficult now to move the individual pieces because the whole background begins to wabble around  unless I increase their size but then I can’t see the whole image anymore!\n😬😠😖 I’m not going to buy any new sets until this issue has been resolved! I would like to get some feedback if this is an issue for other users as well !? \nAlso, if I am doing something wrong, please let me know how to remedy this annoying issue so I can keep playing my puzzles o Thanks 🙏🏻', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'relupa', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 18, 59, 14), 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'Excellent app', 'review': 'I play on an older iPad and have had none of the problems reported. I still love the app, but lately the overly enhanced coloring of many of the puzzle sets make the pictures look artificial and unappealing to me--and therefore less tempting to purchase. That\'s my only complaint.🙃\nHere\'s my original review:\nI love this! For a number of months I played only the free puzzle each day--a half hour or so to do 169 pieces. Then I accepted a "special" offer to upgrade for around $10, which gave me several puzzle packs. But the best thing was that now I can make puzzles of my photos. When someone posts a striking photo on facebook, I can download and create a puzzle. Excellent app!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Msrsm', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 10, 22, 14, 13), 'rating': 5}, {'title': 'The latest update is awful!', 'review': 'I love being able to play puzzles on my phone. It’s very relaxing whenever I’m stressed out. I use this app every single day and only had one issue with it: my puzzle would randomly freeze and then the app would close. That problem didn’t bug me that much. This latest update is absolutely terrible! If anything it made things worse. The board moves way too much every time I try to move a puzzle piece. At this rate it will take me even longer to complete a puzzle with how much the board moves around. I would have easily given this app 5 stars before this latest update. It’s a real shame because I love putting puzzles together on this app and I’ve been using this app for almost a year now. If this issue doesn’t get resolved soon, I will have to find a new puzzle app and delete this one.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': '*Mrs.Foster*', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 13, 3, 16, 46), 'rating': 2}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23828832, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-07-08T22:05:36Z'}, 'title': 'Puzzles', 'review': 'Love this game. it’s like doing a puzzle from a box but no mess, or clean,up. Never lost a piece, lol, and have done 100s over the years. The packs load fast and the new points system to ‘buy’ packs is excellent.\n\n**The points system has been changed and I am unhappy. I started downloading puzzle packs I ‘bought’ with points I earned, by completing many many puzzles. I was waiting to have enough for a particular collection and now the collection no longer has ‘points for purchase’ available on it.\nPlease have points fOr collections made available for a mojority again. Unless your doing something similar regarding rewards for playing.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'monkylou', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 1, 21, 4, 5), 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 2805497, 'body': 'Thank you for your review of Jigsaw Puzzle and reporting the issue with this ad. We have identified the bad advertisement and blocked it from being distributed by the ad network. We suggest force closing the game and restarting the app to ensure you are no longer being interrupted by these pop-ups. We apologize for any trouble this ad issue has caused.', 'modified': '2018-03-12T15:22:45Z'}, 'title': 'Problem with pop ads', 'review': 'I wrote the review below a few days ago and within the same day the problem was fixed. Great customer service!!!\n\nI love this app and have used it for a number of years. During this time I purchased several puzzle packs- the most recent one was 2 days ago. Yesterday a pop ad showed up and keeps popping up every second or two- thus preventing me from being able to use the app at all. This problem is only for this app as the pop up add does not show up in any other app. I would like to be able to work the puzzles again and ask that your developers do something to correct this.', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Cranial/rectal inversion', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 14, 14, 45, 3), 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21026992, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-02-12T20:30:19Z'}, 'title': 'Pop-Up after Pop-Up after Pop-Up', 'review': 'I have always loved this game, and the puzzle packages are fantastic. They keep adding new packages daily. The gameplay and UI used to be wonderful. \nHowever, now there are pop-ups practically every time you click a button. If you hit the back button, bam, a pop-up. And sometimes there are 4 clicks in a row required to get out of their maze of garbage and back to interacting with the game. \nAnd this happens EVEN AFTER YOU LOG IN. So logging into an account gets you zero relief. \nSo rather than relaxing when you open the game to escape your world for a bit and enjoy one of their beautiful puzzles, you have to be constantly mindful of every screen touch so you don’t make a mistake and end up diverted into their garbage. \nI reached out to them about it and was told if I log in, the ads go away. Turns out there is no end to the pop-ups even when logging in. \nI’m tremendously disappointed and I’ve bought tons of puzzle packs and hate to move on to another vendor.\nSo be warned before you buy; you should limit your pack purchases until after you’ve experienced this new world of constant pop-ups. Make sure it’s right for you.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Texas Steelers Fan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 11, 0, 15, 47), 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17808734, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Credits! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a large selection of packs available for Credits. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-09-10T16:32:58Z'}, 'title': 'Purchase with coins please', 'review': 'I enjoy the puzzles and the variety. But why have so many of your puzzle packs become ‘purchase with money’ instead of ‘purchase with earned coins’? Especially during a time when so many of us have less money to spend than we did just a few months ago?\n\nI’m back and still disappointed. There have been updates since my last review, but those seem to have provided more ads and gimmicks. We can earn credits, but what for? Sure, there are a few puzzle packs to use them on. But the selection has become increasingly small. As I said before, many of us have reduced income due to job losses due to the pandemic. Having game sites that we enjoy that don’t require us to spend our now even more budgeted pennies are greatly appreciated. Sadly, your game is no longer one of them.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Mamadigi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 4, 11, 42, 18), 'rating': 2}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16545180, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-10T21:34:42Z'}, 'title': 'Disappointed by recent changes', 'review': 'Some of the most recent updates have been really frustrating.  The number of coins you collect by selecting the number of pieces was removed when the new control was added, so now you have do dig down into the help section to find the info. It also appears that the extra points earned by turning on the rotation feature are no longer added.  If you’re using the rotation feature, you SHOULD earn more coins, as the degree of difficulty is increased.  WHY WOULD YOU CHANGE THAT????  I get that if I’m playing the game for free, I have to be willing to watch the annoying ads, but removing functionality from a game is shortsighted and only serves to thoroughly annoy existing users. I used to tell my friends how fun and user friendly this app was, but I don’t recommend this app to my friends any more.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ReggieLou', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 7, 13, 43, 15), 'rating': 2}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 12713356, 'body': "Thanks for reporting this, kljolly! Our team was recently made aware of an issue similar to the one that you described which is affecting some users. We truly apologize for the inconvenience while our team is hard at work to get it corrected for you! Additionally, we'd like to learn more so that we can help with the freezing issue. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us. We hope to hear from you in the near future!", 'modified': '2020-01-03T19:44:45Z'}, 'title': 'Don’t know whether anyone else is having this problem or not but...', 'review': 'After working a puzzle or two (or 3 or 4) and leaving the app, the next time I open the app, the last puzzle I worked is in the puzzles in progress and shows 97 or 98% finished. When I click on it, it disperses all the pieces and looks like I never even started it.  Also, all the puzzles I worked during the last session show that they haven’t been completed.  It doesn’t happen every time, but often enough to be really frustrating.  The app has been freezing occasionally now too which it never did before.  And those tab things are just in my way.  It sounds like I have a lot of complaints and I guess I do, but even with the frustrations, I wouldn’t give it up.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kljolly', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 27, 23, 35, 3), 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 11831260, 'body': "Thanks for the suggestions, Puzzled Papa! Suggestions play a vital role in our development process as we are continually working towards improving our app. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional suggestions, with regards to the content you'd like to see, to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-11-13T23:21:57Z'}, 'title': 'Great ease of use, could use some different content', 'review': 'I’ve tried several jigsaw apps and like how this one works best. Others have the pieces in a sort of sled that you scroll through. This one lets me spread out all the pieces on my IPad like I would on a table top. You can choose to spread all the pieces around the edges then select those that appear to go in a particular section and then start putting them in place. I also like that you can see the original picture at any time and enlarge it quit a bit to look at details.\n\nI like nature or vistas of village or cities. There are plenty of such choices but most photos are so artificially color saturated that they look totally unnatural. Please give us some more natural nature. A little color enhancement is good but tone it down a bit.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Puzzled Papa', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 8, 13, 12, 44), 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Fun', 'review': 'I have enjoyed puzzles since probably before I could talk. I consider myself a puzzle solver in life. I like to play with enough pieces to for it to challenging at the same time large enough to be able to see on a small phone screen. The main issue that I have had from the beginning with this product is that you have to be so exact with fitting the pieces together that it becomes frustrating. If I were using a larger screen, it may not be so bad, but I have fat fingers which make placement difficult to see. Another problem with that is, I have had to try the same piece over several times before it will click into place. Other than that difficulty, it is a great experience.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'GamesDean', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 31, 8, 11, 29), 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Fun and addictive', 'review': 'I love doing these puzzles.  The one thing that I don’t like is the way the screen moves whenever you are dragging a puzzle piece into the puzzle.  I know you have the option to lock the puzzle but then you don’t have all the pieces available to see.  You have to keep unlocking it to scroll the picture up or down to see the puzzle pieces that are above or below the picture.  They need to make the picture so the whole picture plus all the pieces are visible after you lock the screen.  Other than that I do enjoy doing them.  There are other jigsaw puzzles that I have downloaded that do not have this problem.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'moms joy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 7, 18, 45, 16), 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19500437, 'body': "Hello, thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts with us! I'm sorry to hear that you're not enjoying the game recently. Please don't hesitate to email us at support@mobilityware.com if you have any additional feedback you'd like to share with our team.", 'modified': '2020-12-02T22:36:52Z'}, 'title': 'Good, but intrusive ads', 'review': 'I use these to teach language to autistic kids over Zoom. I prefer a 4 piece option but that is no longer available. It takes about 5 minutes to use a nine piece puzzle as a lesson, but we are bombarded with contests, treasure chests, “specials” that cannot be immediately dismissed.  \n\nThe kids lose focus and are hard to redirect.  I would happily pay for a “pro” version to avoid all this distraction in an otherwise very useful teaching tool. \n\nI’ve purchased many puzzle packs, and the kids find them motivating. The quality is mixed. Some sets have about half “good” and half “filler.”  I realize that this can be a matter of taste.  Fortunately, you can view the entire pack before purchase.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Screamer tamer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 16, 12, 10), 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 9013680, 'body': 'Thanks for reaching out, Artist engineer. I am sorry to hear you\'re having trouble contacting us. When you go into Settings, Help & Support, tap Contact Us - be sure to follow the prompt entirely. If the offered FAQ does not answer your question, tap "no I need to speak to someone" and the game should prompt you to give us information and then submit a ticket. I understand these types of things can be frustrating, but we want you to know we\'re definitely here for you and we appreciate our players. We look forward to hearing from you!', 'modified': '2019-06-04T21:23:14Z'}, 'title': 'Almost', 'review': 'I had issues with manipulating puzzle pieces, & many of these are resolved to some degree. Now I’d like to talk about help, or the “contact us” function. It was very hard to find, & when I found it, it didn’t work. If your issue doesn’t match a preset response, too bad. \nSo-the game told me I had enough credits to buy a pack,& directed me to the store, where not one could be found that I could buy. \nIf 1000+ credits can’t really buy a 99 cent puzzle pack, why say I can? If you don’t Intend to be contacted, why say I can? Don’t make me waste time trying to follow your preset instructions to failure. \nAll the time lost trying to find the answers to several issues, including contacting you, only to be stonewalled? I know each customer only pays a small fee. Is that why you pay no attention to them?\nI play you for free. This is why.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Artist engineer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 4, 18, 38, 54), 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'The updated version has problems', 'review': 'I’ve been using this app for years and have really enjoyed it until this latest version which was billed as a way to speed it up. The scatter pieces functionality you can preset in preferences only moves most, not all, pieces off the board like it used to. You have to take time to manually hit the scatter pieces button on the individual puzzle to get the board cleared. Either way, a good number of the pieces end up in piles along the outer perimeter so you have to spend time manually spreading them out. This wasn’t a problem before. A new glitch, just this week, is that you place pieces into the puzzle, use another app, then return to this one to find those same pieces back along the border and not in the puzzle. Sent some feedback when this version first rolled out and got a polite response telling me to give it a chance. Please fix it!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'liketheold_version', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 24, 14, 54, 41), 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'USED to be the best...until latest update', 'review': 'I have tried several jigsaw puzzle games, but this one WAS by far the best, until a couple weeks ago when the had a new update. It totally messed up the game. The puzzle board moves every time I try to move just a piece by it self.  It happens constantly now.  The game that used to be relaxing for me, has turned into such frustration! \nNow, when I open the app, it will not connect to their network and show me the daily free puzzle...even tho I AM connected to the internet. It just keeps circling and repeating the same message, over and over. \n It will not respond to me selecting ANY of my previously purchased and downloaded puzzle packs! So basically I cannot play, period. Which is frustrating bc I have some new puzzle packs that I just purchased prior to this update and I haven’t been able to access them.  PLEASE FIX THE MESS CREATED BY THIS UPDATE', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'I-hate-nicknames.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 0, 21, 11), 'rating': 1}, {'title': 'Dagan2278 says it best', 'review': 'Dagan2278 is right on. I’m not liking this last update. I didn’t know there is a feature to lock the board so I have dealt with a moving board all along but after this last update, it has been so much worse. I can’t move a puzzle piece without the board jerking around. The puzzle pieces scatter off the board and with an iPad, my attempts to recover the pieces close out the game or engage the iPad feature of showing you the last alerts, etc. I don’t use this game to have a struggle to play! That defeats the purpose. I tried to access the feature in settings to give feedback and it doesn’t work! Ha! They don’t want you rating it now! I had to go thru the App Store to get here. Fix this, please.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Raggie1204', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 14, 29, 54), 'rating': 4}, {'title': 'Don’t like the new update', 'review': 'I have really enjoyed this app and have been making puzzles on it for years. The most recent update has made it less fun. I play on an iPad and find the the touch doesn’t work as well. Pressing on a puzzle pack doesn’t open it the first time. Or sometimes the second time either. Some pieces won’t move until you do something else and come back to it later. Puzzles I’ve made vanish the next day. The pieces scatter so far to the edge that you have to make the screen really big just to be able to draw them closer. I’ll probably keep playing, but it’s frustrating enough that I don’t do it as much.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'platypus427', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 23, 0, 55), 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17812581, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Credits! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a large selection of packs available for Credits. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-09-10T22:02:45Z'}, 'title': 'What is the purpose of the coins now?', 'review': 'I don’t know at what point over the last year that this change took place because life happens and I didn’t use my iPad much during that time, but I found that I have a horde of coins I can no longer use to purchase puzzle packs. So what is their purpose now?\n\nNot looking for free-bees, quite a few of the packs I purchased, but some would allow purchase by earned coins also. When I click on the top of the app that shows total of coins it takes me to a screen with a bunch of data and I can’t leave it unless I close the app all the way and re-open it despite there being a red “X” at the top right.\n\nOtherwise it’s a great app and I used it often, it’s very calming to complete puzzles at my own pace anywhere.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Spanky11213', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 6, 19, 35, 15), 'rating': 3}, {'title': 'Shady practices', 'review': 'I used to love this app. You could download photos from Flickr all day long and it was free and endless. Then, of course they realized they could charge you for puzzles. Even though they also show ads.  That’s ok. I’ve bought a couple packs. But THEN, this very day they advertise 40 puzzle packs at half off. When I look at the prices I think; “That’s weird. This is the normal price.” I go to check the non-sale puzzle packs and see that Critical Software has raised the price of EVERY puzzle pack by $1 the 40 puzzle packs are now $3.99. The 50% off price? $2.99.  Are these people that bad at math? I hate how greedy these people get that they are so willing to just lie. No other business would be allowed to continue to function like this in the real world. Anyway, don’t buy the packs.  I just search google images and use those.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Generic', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 8, 17, 1, 12), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14573020, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with objectives in the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-912156 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-04-09T17:34:41Z'}, 'review': 'I used to enjoy doing puzzles every day, not just for the challenge but this app offered incentives to progress... I had already completed multiple challenges completing at least one puzzle a day religiously. Then it ‘missed’ seeing a day which took my progress from 80+% down to zero..it has done this 4 times now and it’s frustrating and just leaves a bad taste in my mouth..\n If you are going to offer incentives for people to progress then you need to at least respond to their reported issues and fix the app. Two stars only because of the puzzle variety.', 'title': 'Progress constantly gets ‘lost’ no response from creator', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Valump78', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 5, 39, 40)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23206528, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with a recent event. Our team needs some info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-33937 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-06-04T23:02:47Z'}, 'review': 'You just had an Americana challenge. Play puzzles in the Americana category and eventually get free puzzles and 1000 coins. Got the first challenge right away. The second two were basically the same but required puzzles with more pieces. I purchased one of the required puzzle packs but now wish I hadn’t. When I finished a puzzle it said I found a piece of Americana then had me watch a video for coins. Said I needed 3 puzzles in the category to move on to the next challenge. Well I must have played 50 all together and never even completed the second challenge. If you can’t trust what the rules say then why bother. Won’t fall for that again. Also, just upgraded to no ads which is great but they also took away the random watch a video for coins. Seems like I should have that opportunity if I want', 'title': 'Maya', 'rating': 2, 'userName': '13/46', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 3, 14, 2, 2)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19329989, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:17:08Z'}, 'review': 'The latest upgrade to this app broke a number of useful things, like multiple trays for sorting pieces, an unobtrusive options interface, and the ability to change the background color after white is selected. I’ve used this app for years and am disappointed with the ongoing push to spend actual money instead of “coins” earned by completing puzzles to obtain puzzle packs. These used to be regularly priced in the 1,000-3,000 “coins” range, with most packs being available for both cash and “coins”. Now the “coins” options are very limited and often are available for 5,000-6,000 “coins”. I’ve uninstalled a number of Mobility Ware apps over the past year or so; I hope I won’t feel the need for the puzzle app to follow suit.', 'title': 'Disappointing “upgrade”', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'MDPuzzleFan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 14, 15, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18646941, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding that feature! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-10-22T15:36:32Z'}, 'review': 'There is a lag between when the piece flashes and being able to move any other pieces on the board. I have to wait and it is irritating. Also when I open the app it frequently shows a puzzle as incomplete when I know I finished it. Also bought a puzzle set and it never showed up. I kept a screen shot of the receipt from Apple. That is the reason I no longer buy your puzzle packs. Otherwise all good\n\nNo longer have lag time when doing puzzles. Was wondering why my puzzle shrinks when I get to the last piece. SO IRRITATING!  Have gotten responses from staff about previous issues but find it too confusing to connect for a resolution. Am obviously not an advanced user.', 'title': 'Puzzles', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Clean romancer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 18, 1, 13, 38)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14873578, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-918168 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-04-23T22:29:59Z'}, 'review': "I have loved this game since my first iPhone 10 years ago. It plays well, everything works smoothly. Lots of choices for puzzles to play, both free and purchase. I love the objectives which challenge me to do more. During the time I wasn't using an iPhone, I couldn't find a comparable game that worked as well, so I kept playing on the old phone.\n\nI'm trying to complete the objectives of playing every day. I am nearly 20 days in a row, as shown in my Gallery. But a few days ago, I completed a daily puzzle and did not get the notification about working towards my objective. Sure enough, the count started over. How can I complete a puzzle 80 days in a row if it doesn't count every day?", 'title': 'Awesome game!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'MyGirlz#1Mom', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 21, 15, 28, 59)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17761351, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-978124 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-09-08T15:04:40Z'}, 'review': "I really, really liked this jigsaw puzzle app--until it started freezing up. I've tried everything suggested in the FAQs, contacted customer support (who were very nice and really tried to help--thanks!), followed the steps to un-install and re-install.... I wasn't even worried that much about getting my purchases back. I just wanted a functional app. Thought the problem had been solved when the app opened and would let me download the daily puzzle, even going so far in the process as to scatter the pieces so I could start doing the puzzle. Just one catch: there were no buttons to control the play. I could drag pieces around, but couldn't even get back to the home page because THERE WERE NO CONTROL BUTTONS! So very frustrating!", 'title': 'Frustrating Freeze ups', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Violet216', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 2, 21, 0, 2)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I would give this application 5 stars except for a couple of problems.  It takes 2 or 3 times to get into the app when I press the icon.  And ever since the latest update, when I am browsing puzzles to possibly purchase, the screen freezes and a pop-up appears asking "get puzzles?". This happens two or three times while I\'m browsing the puzzles in the pack.  This is so annoying that I don\'t want to purchase anything!  That said I think this app offers a wide variety of puzzles and offers new ones almost daily.  When the puzzles go on sale, the price is very reasonable.', 'title': 'Addicting App with large variety of puzzles', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'LJS658', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 20, 21, 7, 48)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14294436, 'body': 'Hi there, Our ad policy was crafted to block any ads that don’t adhere to your selected sound settings. If you encounter a similar ad issue in the future, please don’t hesitate to submit an in-app message with your unique ID MW-905173 via Settings » Help & Support » Contact Us. Then our team can work to get that ad removed from the rotation right away!', 'modified': '2020-03-27T22:57:15Z'}, 'review': 'Love this app. I don’t mind the stupid 30-second ads. The issue I have is with the volume of the ads. I turned the sound and music off in the game settings. When an ad plays I mute the sound. Why can’t the settings on the game match the ads? Also, the sound on the ads messes with the sound settings on my phone. If I turn the volume all the way down so that I don’t hear the ads, why does that affect the ring volume on my phone? (I have an iPhone XR) My biggest complaint is that I have to mute each and every ad that plays each every time. SUPER ANNOYING!! \n\nOther than that, I really enjoy the puzzles. I only play the free puzzles and I never seem to run out. \n\nIf you could fix the ad sound issue this game would be perfect.', 'title': 'Fix the sounds issue', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'vero™', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 25, 15, 52, 40)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8906688, 'body': 'Thank you for reaching out, tbyrd11! I am very sorry to hear you are having trouble with a missing purchase. Our support team is dedicated to assisting you in getting the help you need! We would like to help you get to the bottom of this! Please reach out to Support via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and reference MW-557393 so we know your inquiry is related to this review. We look forward to helping you!', 'modified': '2019-05-28T22:09:25Z'}, 'review': 'I liked this puzzle game a lot. I liked that I can organize the pieces myself instead of the pieces being on a column that slides up and down. I have bought 11 puzzle packs. Since the recent software issue, the last pack I bought, “Surrealism”, has not appeared. For a couple of days, I kept checking with the restore purchases button. I sent messages to support and no response. Eventually I reloaded the game and lost everything. Finally all the game packs except the latest purchase showed up, but I lost all my history and daily puzzles that I had saved. Rather frustrating.\nStill no response from them. Should I report this to iTunes, where I paid? I haven’t received the last puzzle pack that I paid for and I have sent 3 messages through their “contact us” in the app.', 'title': 'NO response from support', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'tbyrd11', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 23, 15, 12, 42)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "I love the puzzles. The new version has a lot of new 'features' that have seriously slowed down the app and it seems the mission is now focused on selling me more puzzles.  It now takes a long time to load and way to long to get into the app. I can go get a cup of coffee while I'm  waiting for the puzzle to come up....I am so exasperated I'm now shopping for another app...I bought a new puzzle pack and when I tried to log in it kicked me out. It is not getting better. I purchased one puzzle pack that I cannot delete; it won't open and I can't delete it; I tried to re-download and the app kicked me out. All the sounds and other things I don't want I can't delete and they're just taking up precious space on my iPad....very frustrating and annoying.", 'title': 'Puzzled....', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'dcsuzee918', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 1, 20, 26, 17)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14689529, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-15T18:54:54Z'}, 'review': 'I really enjoy this jigsaw puzzle app and have purchased several puzzle packs.  Also have recommended the app to family and friends. I look forward to getting the freebie puzzle each day. Today, instead of a new puzzle, it wanted me to download the yarn puzzle that I already have, which was also one of the daily freebies.  It shows I should be getting a puzzle featuring coffee. Another family member also had this problem and she had to delete the puzzle and download it again. Can this glitch be fixed?. Thanks.\n\nI continue to enjoy this app very much. I go to it every morning!', 'title': 'Getting same freebie puzzle.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '091369', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 23, 46, 8)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13769218, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-889505 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-02-28T22:34:20Z'}, 'review': 'What used to be 5-star now receives 3 from me. The recent upgrade makes the pieces jerky and slow to move. You used to be able to slide them right into place, but now it takes moving them back and forth to get it just right so they click together, plus they now tend to drag behind your iPencil or finger. Additionally, “Objectives” is back, according to the tutorial. I’ve been using this app for a few years and didn’t know that was a thing. Not a fan of that popping up - objective is to relax and put a puzzle together. Now it’s a bit frustrating and much less relaxing.', 'title': 'Recent update makes pieces slow to move', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Ohio Reviewer 2020', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 25, 12, 56, 55)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 7531309, 'body': "Hi mlsjazzi3, \n\nIt's great to hear that you're enjoying our vivid puzzles. Thank you for taking the time to share your Jigsaw experience and the word about us! Feel free to reach back out at anytime for additional comments, questions, or just to say hi!", 'modified': '2019-03-01T19:00:17Z'}, 'review': 'Challenging with more pieces. If you haven’t tried it and you think you can’t do it the key is to start out with less pieces than later you can try more pieces. Also try doing the edges first, once you have a square then separate the other pieces by color.\nRotating pieces is also challenging, but again you can start with less pieces than you will be able to recognize the shapes as well as the color scheme and you can always go back to the image. Great idea , puzzles online, I really like doing them don’t know if I can go overboard with more than 50 pieces. Will try later when I get bored with the 50.', 'title': 'Beautiful pictures', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'mlsjazzi3', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 2, 25, 9, 18, 4)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve used this app for around a year now and had really enjoyed it.  It WAS a great app which allowed users hours of engaging use.  Within the last three months something has gone wrong.  The pieces do not respond nearly as well as in the past making the experience frustrating instead of fun.  I’m also continually kicked out of the app now.  I open it up, watch an ad, which is normally not at all an issue - it’s a free app - however after a minute or so of working a puzzle I may get kicked out again, have to watch another ad, then this process repeats several times.  I’m then able to work for 10-15 minutes w/o interruption. Too bad this is now very buggy.  It used to be a great app.', 'title': 'Updates did not help, they hurt from my perspective', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Baby Doodius', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 28, 19, 41, 6)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I just downgraded my review from 5 stars to 3 after some genius in your new company decided to revamp the Scatter feature without warning us long-time players. Scatter used to be a useful feature that rearranged pieces ONLY in the puzzle area. This was helpful for finding pieces that were incorrectly placed or were hidden on top of similar colors. Now, suddenly, the rules have changed and when you hit Scatter it moves all your pieces OUTSIDE the puzzle boundary. NOOOOOO! You just moved all the pieces i carefully sorted by shape or color! Thats the equivalent of taking my puzzle table and throwing it across the room. Thank you so much for this new “feature.”', 'title': 'Beware new scatter “feature”', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Baseball Mandy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 7, 14, 25, 29)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 4798867, 'body': 'Hello UrWHThurtZ,\n\nOur team would like to help you with the issue of your game lagging so that you can get back to playing Jigsaw Puzzle with no problems at all! Please open the game Settings, select Help & Support and Contact Us so that our team can get the necessary information to assist you!\n\nAdditionally, we understand that some users are not interested in playing a game with advertisements, which is why we offer the option of removing ads through the purchase of the Premium Upgrade. This not only removes ads from the game but it also unlocks the Create Your Own Puzzle feature and gives you a ton of new puzzle packs to complete!\n\nRegarding the Notification bar, we recommend that you move puzzle pieces to the right or left before moving them down from the top of the screen. This will ensure that the bar is not pulled down!\n\nThanks for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!', 'modified': '2018-08-24T18:34:51Z'}, 'review': 'I’m on an iPhone 6S+ and the game lags terribly at times, which I’m sure is more so due to Apple slowing down the older phones, but it could also have something to do with the ads at the bottom of the screen.  I was looking to just pay a couple dollars for the game and get rid of the ads altogether.  Is this not an option?\n\nDeveloper:\n\nAlso, when you scatter pieces, at least on the iPhones, the ones that end up near the top of the screen ... you try to move them down and away and the iPhone notification bar thing comes down and interferes with moving the pieces.  Is it possible to disable that bar during gameplay, or change the programming so they don’t go all the way to the top?', 'title': 'Game play lagging & pieces at top of screen annoying', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'UrWHThurtZ', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 18, 14, 8, 52)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I have been playing this for a few years. The free pictures are nice and the puzzle packs aren’t expensive. Two points with the newest update though—the scatter feature sends stuff out a bit too close to the edge of the screen (sometimes the pieces are hard to grasp because some other feature of the device gets activated when you pull from an edge).  Also the scatter feature only scatters those pieces that aren’t connected to other pieces—it would be more useful if it worked as it used to by taking pieces off the puzzle face that aren’t locked in their correct positions.', 'title': 'Very nice game, good puzzle pictures', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Mackie2057', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 19, 12, 5, 35)}, {'isEdited': False, 'review': "I've spent endless hours doing puzzles on this app. It's fairly easy to move the pieces (the bigger the screen, the easier it is). The photo quality is wonderful and the shapes of the pieces make it easy on the eyes to play. The only reason I'm not rating 5 stars is because they took the Free section away, forcing users to scroll through hundreds of puzzles just to look for a tiny 'FREE' banner in the corner. Please bring back the Free section where all the free puzzles are in one location. Also, this is the only app I've ever used that constantly has pop ups in the middle of the puzzle that tells me there's a virus on my phone. No idea what that's about, but I close out each time hoping it's just a fluke. Still, it's only when using this app.", 'title': 'Decent app', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'yourfavoriteuncle', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 17, 7, 36, 40)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18999031, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-09T18:43:29Z'}, 'review': 'You have to rifle through so much junk and announcements before you can even begin to enjoy puzzle making. They waste my time spinning, flashing, and making unwanted offers. When I do choose something, it tells me to check my internet. No othe apps I use has ever had a problem with my internet. When I set Lock Screen, I turns off if I pause and leave the app. If I want it locked, I should be the one to turn it off. Thanks for listening. \n\nSecond request: Please stop flashing junk before, during and after a puzzle has been completed. I’ve signed up for ad free and I still have to put up with with  “free” offers. Keep the visual bells and whistles. Your puzzles are the best but PLEASE stop the extra junk.', 'title': 'Updated too much junk flashing', 'rating': 3, 'userName': "Grumpy's wife", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 5, 9, 19, 33)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14013996, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing stuck ads in the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-898211 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-12T18:49:24Z'}, 'review': "Anyone else suddenly experiencing the ads locking up the game? I have to choose and restart several times. \n-----\nI enjoy this game, but can't believe they haven't created a patch that meets you play across devices. It's annoying that even though you can connect through Facebook, it doesn't update and allow you to pick up on your other device. So, your stats, puzzles, etc  are separate on your iPhone and iPad. It says they can move them from one to the other for you, but they say they can't. They provide instructions for downloading and uploading everything to iCloud as a fix, but it doesn't work. Going to try another puzzle game.", 'title': "Can't play across devices", 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'rebs_fan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 12, 8, 47, 16)}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21664728, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm glad to hear that the issue is resolved and that you're back to enjoying the app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-03-15T17:06:20Z'}, 'title': 'Coins', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 11, 9, 29, 26), 'review': 'Love the app and the puzzles. Have accumulated over 7000 coins and have yet to find a puzzle that has the purchase with coin option. It always goes to apple pay. Have requested support several times. Still no answer that works. ANNOYING!!\nAlso with recent update the table jiggles (moves) when moving pieces. Even with lock in place. Dont know if reinstalling would help. Afraid i would lose my coins, which i cant use anyway. HELP!\nUPDATE\nUpdated the app. Now a coin icon appears on puzzles with the coin option! Much better!! Thanks! Was very annoying to have to hunt and peck every puzzle trying to find one that took the coins.', 'userName': 'Minime4567', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good but needs improvement', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 6, 20, 6, 5), 'review': 'I actually really enjoy this app and would rate it higher but there\'s just too many adds that pop up consecutively while using it. Also, the app has frozen midway through gameplay and so I reinstalled it since that usually does the trick for all other apps but apparently you can\'t do that unless you\'re ok with losing all puzzles "in progress". I lost many puzzles that I was saving for a later date and only recovered the ones that I had actually purchased with real money. The objectives I had completed were also wiped out so I basically have to start all over. If they fix these issues then I would rate higher but until then I recommend restarting your device if the app ever freezes on you.', 'userName': 'ID: babublik', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 7956909, 'body': 'Hi Pillser, \n\nThank you for bringing this to our attention. Our team would like to assist you, but first, we need more information. Please open the in-game Settings, select Support and then Contact Us so that we can learn more. We hope to hear from you soon!', 'modified': '2019-03-28T21:34:21Z'}, 'title': 'Update', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 13, 16, 23, 54), 'review': 'Not good!  I have now lost all record of what puzzles I have already worked on my MANY purchased puzzles.  It no longer goes back to the reduced size that fits in the area.  It goes well outside the boundaries and I have to move, shuffle, and place pieces inside the frame to see all the pieces.  I select a puzzle, work it and follow the steps so that it is marked completed and it doesn’t recognize it as completed.  I’ve done one puzzle 3 times.  This is just not acceptable.                  \n\nThis is an update!  My previous concerns have mostly been take care of.  I do enjoy working these puzzles and this one is the best I have found.', 'userName': 'Pillser', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19497409, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for reaching out! We are aware that a small segment of players are experiencing crashing in the game. We apologize for the inconvenience, and our team is currently working towards a solution! Please use this link to find updates about the issue: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/?s=known-issues', 'modified': '2020-12-02T17:56:53Z'}, 'title': 'Good and Bad', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 27, 18, 47, 6), 'review': 'First the good: I love the online puzzles, and the variety of puzzles you offer. Overall, a pretty pleasant experience to play an individual puzzle. I also liked the option of the preview for more detail-oriented puzzles.\n\nThe bad: the app has been crashing like crazy with these latest updates, moving the user bar from the bottom to the side now covers up at least half of the puzzle, it’s harder to use earned points to purchase new puzzle packs (you have to flat out purchase most now), and even without the ads, there are so many pop-ups when I am able to launch the app, it feels like I have to wade through 5-6 different ones just to get to my puzzles. Frustration is driving me to want to dump this game.', 'userName': 'Dooskie51', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16054751, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for your feedback! Our top priority is always to provide the best experience we can! After careful consideration, we've made some changes to reduce the number of messages that display in the game. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any additional feedback you’d like to share!", 'modified': '2020-06-17T22:22:28Z'}, 'title': 'Changes', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 15, 20, 45, 36), 'review': 'In the last 6 months or so they have added changes which make you have to click past offers or ways to earn credits which seem to increase until just now l had to click past (decline) 6 offers before l could access a puzzle.  This might not seem significant, but l miss being able to open the ap and simply work a puzzle without having worry about clicking on something that makes me watch an ad.  I bought the subscription back when l first started using this ap to not have ads.  Way get around that.  Once l get to where l can work a puzzle, l still love the ap.  It is just the annoyance of having to navigate my way past the ‘offers’ that is annoying me so l open the ap less frequently.', 'userName': 'TheLicensed', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 9370408, 'body': 'Thank you for your review, R.P. Coltrane! All ads that display should be short, simple to close and never appear during the middle of a puzzle. Please open the game Settings, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with a detailed description and screenshot if you encounter any broken advertisements in the future. Our team will work to make sure that they are removed from the ad rotation at once! We regret the inconvenience this has caused and look forward to helping you!', 'modified': '2019-06-26T22:38:23Z'}, 'title': 'Last update is enough to make me delete', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 23, 11, 37, 23), 'review': 'I’m a fan of this app and have been playing it for so long, I can’t even recall when I first downloaded it, I feel like it came with my device! \n  This latest update, by allowing the ads to play at will, is ruining the game.  Part of doing a puzzle is the peace and quiet while using a different part of my brain.  The ads play/pop out without warning and often freeze my device.  \n  I understand the need for ads for a free app like this but I thought that was taken care of by having to watch an ad before starting a puzzle.. every time. This nonsense of having the ads play throughout... now that I’ve written it out, I’m going to look for another puzzle app.  Thanks for the fun before the update though.  It really was a great app with beautiful puzzles.', 'userName': 'R. P. Coltrane', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': True, 'developerResponse': {'id': 2805553, 'body': 'Thank you for your review of Jigsaw Puzzle and reporting the issue with this ad. We have identified the bad advertisement and blocked it from being distributed by the ad network. We suggest force closing the game and restarting the app to ensure you are no longer being interrupted by these pop-ups. We apologize for any trouble this ad issue has caused.', 'modified': '2018-03-12T15:27:33Z'}, 'title': 'Constantly forced out of app by ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 14, 23, 54, 18), 'review': 'Edit:  I’ve really been enjoying this app, and am no longer experiencing the problem described in my original review!  Thank you developers for your response!\n\nI just started using this app, and had really been enjoying it until today.  For some reason, about 30 seconds into any puzzle, I’m forced out of the app into some spam page that isn’t even ad related!  If I try to go back to the app, it automatically forces me back to the spam page.  I then have to completely close the app, and reload, only to have to repeat the cycle.  As of now, it’s unplayable.  Very disappointed.', 'userName': 'Perkins&Danny4ever', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Loved it before the update', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 24, 16, 23, 27), 'review': 'I loved this jigsaw app before the update. Now, while I still like it, it is much less user friendly. I don’t like that the pieces are now placed partially off screen which make them almost impossible to grab and move on an IPad. When you try, the IPad changes screen because an icon is in the same place as the pieces; very frustrating. It’s also very sensitive now which makes it difficult for those of us with trembling conditions that cause us to shake to easily move the pieces. There’s also an issue when you try to scroll to look at the puzzles in a collection you might be interested in buying. If you don’t keep your finger on the screen, it will keep flipping back to the top. Irritating.', 'userName': 'Billiebart', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Jigsaw puzzle', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 14, 34, 48), 'review': 'I loved this puzzle game more than any of the others out there, until the update came out ( which one lets see I have had several.) the game freezes, won’t load daily puzzle, and now even with the new update I just did can’t get in to customer support. They can’t seem to fix the issues. I have been playing this game for a long time with no issues ever until now. I’m giving this rating because of the issues only. Customer support does get back to you in a timely manner and they do try to help. So all in all the puzzle is by far the best one I’ve found, and if you have the patience to wait or just don’t want the free daily puzzle and don’t care about the points ( so u can buy puzzles that only cost u your points) then this is the game for you. FYI if u buy or use your points with this new update u probably won’t get anything.', 'userName': "Ti's", 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great App', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 28, 21, 36, 55), 'review': 'I am 67 years old, and I have loved doing jigsaw puzzles since I was a kid. My mom and I used to do them together. Sadly, abput five years ago I was diagnosed with Macular Deneration and I can no longer see well enough to do puzzles. Then I found this app and I love it. I can finally do jigsaw puzzles again. I can enlarge them as much as I need to. The Jigsaw Puzzle app has some really great puzzle packsyou can get for just a couple of dollars. Or there are free puzzles. I also use this app to train my brain. Last June I was diagnosed with Alzheimers Disease and this app helps me challenge my brain. Thanks for creating an app that people like me can actually use and enjoy', 'userName': 'serious5341', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Puzzle fanatic!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 12, 3, 31, 1), 'review': 'I really like and basically addicted to these puzzles. I love trying to get the special rewards like free puzzles. Sometimes it gets frustrating when you do like the recent challenge for the dazzling donut and I must have done 12 puzzles and kept getting everything except the donut I needed. Took me two days to get the donut I needed. I also have a little trouble getting puzzles from my puzzles that I bought to open when I want them to. Most of the time it is awesome and I’m still going to use the app, I’d just like to not need to do so many to be rewarded, and for my packs to open when I want them to.', 'userName': 'Jjpookie', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 21271394, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the latest version of our app. I'm sorry that you're having trouble reaching out to our team regarding issues that you're experiencing. You can try contacting them directly at support@mobilityware.com. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-02-24T17:58:02Z'}, 'title': 'Ads are out of control... customer experience no longer a focus', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 20, 23, 5, 11), 'review': 'I used to love this app, and have played hundreds of hours on it. I didn’t mind the ads between each completed puzzle, and to start a new one, because I get that they need to pay their bills. But now they have those, plus ads at the bottom of the screen, PLUS a pop-up ad that you can’t opt out of every 15 minutes. It’s become obnoxious. \n\nThey also used to have a fantastic tray option with multiple screens that you can hide, but it’s been replaced with a clunky single screen tray that removes the pieces if you hide it. \n\nI tried to contact them directly, as that’s what I would want if it was my app. But the only contact is for advertisers, with no option for game players. Clearly their focus has moved off of customer experience, and on to how much money they can make.', 'userName': 'LensLuvah', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19546627, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're aware of an issue causing the game to crash for a small segment of players. We apologize for the inconvenience, and our team is working on a solution as quickly as possible! Please visit this link for our updates about this issue: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/?s=known-issues", 'modified': '2020-12-04T15:41:29Z'}, 'title': 'Help!!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 0, 44, 18), 'review': 'I have had this app for about five years and I love doing at least a few puzzles every day. I purchased a new iPad about a month ago and transferred everything from my old IPad to my new one. All was good with jig saw puzzle app until a few days ago. When I tap on the icon to play the game, it opens up to the home page and then immediately closes and goes back to the icon. The only way I’ve had any luck to get the game back is to power down my iPad all night. Then the app is ok for a few hours. I’ve talked to people who are a lot more knowledgeable than I am about technology and they have no idea why this is happening. I would think that it has something to do with the fact that this is now on a new iPad because I’ve never had this problem. I didn’t have the problem the first three weeks with the new iPad though. Please help???', 'userName': 'annebran', 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18482021, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding those new features. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-10-14T16:09:00Z'}, 'title': 'Getting overly complicated', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 9, 7, 55, 2), 'review': 'I really like the puzzles from this app. However, the past several updates have not improved the app or game experience, just increased ads and useless “enhancements “ such as “preview booster”. The game did NOT need another icon muddling up the in-game options!! I’ve mentioned before I would gladly pay for an ad-free experience, because closing multiple pop-ups every time I want to switch or browse or search puzzles is getting REALLY annoying. I don’t want side games or “boosters” or anything besides the beautiful puzzles offered in this in app. And there are a LOT of wonderful scenes to choose from! More fluff is not better. If they’d stick to puzzles and just puzzles, I’ll re-rate the app back to a 5 as I did when I first found the app. I’ll be searching for a simpler puzzle app.', 'userName': 'Hickory Mom', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16653807, 'body': 'Hello, thanks for taking the time to leave a review. We use promotional messaging to inform players about new and exciting things happening in our apps. They’re meant to be simple to close so they don’t intrude on your game experience. Please Contact Us from within the app’s Help & Support page if you experience any technical issues so our team can help!', 'modified': '2020-07-15T18:06:22Z'}, 'title': 'Used to be the best', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 11, 4, 44, 16), 'review': 'I love this app because of the wide variety of puzzles, the free daily puzzle, the ability to change difficulty via different sizes and rotation on/off, and the option to use my own pictures. The prices for the various puzzle packs are reasonable and even better with their frequent sales. But recently it has become littered with pop-up ads for puzzle packs and the developer’s other apps. It’s a lot less fun now trying to navigate to the actual content, and I find myself disinterested in opening the app knowing what awaits me. It’s especially frustrating because I do enjoy the puzzles as a way of just relaxing for a few minutes but you know what’s not relaxing? Having to close a bunch of pop-ups.', 'userName': 'Roonil_Wazlib_314', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12450687, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're glad to hear that you're back to enjoying the app and appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts. If you have any questions or further feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-17T18:21:31Z'}, 'title': 'I am very happy to change my review from 1 star to 5 stars!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 13, 34, 31), 'review': 'My previous review was a 1 star and I have been watching all of the updates, new features and changes that have been made. \nI noticed how you listened to the concerns and wishes of those who love this puzzle game.\nWow! I love all the wonderful restores and fixes in the puzzle game but especially love the larger puzzle preview again! \nI thought it would never come back. I know that there are many happy puzzlers for that update along with many other updates. Well done! As a long time player of this Jigsaw Puzzle game I am very happy to play my beloved Jigsaw Puzzle game with enjoyment again!\nI can see that everyone who has made all the changes and all the updates has worked very hard to make it happen and done a wonderful job. Thank You friends at MobilityWare for all your hard work at creating the Very Best Jigsaw experience ever and your diligence in restoring those things that we all love in this puzzle game! \nAgain, Thank You Very Much \nHappy Longtime Puzzler \nRNana1', 'userName': 'BlueBirdSoar', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12239145, 'body': 'Hi there, We are dedicated to doing what we can to help our players, so we’d love to have the opportunity to address your concerns about the ads and restoring your puzzles! Please submit an in-game message with your ID MW-842380 via Settings - Help & Support - Contact Us. We look forward to assisting you soon!', 'modified': '2019-12-05T23:46:25Z'}, 'title': 'Ads', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 30, 4, 45, 19), 'review': 'Taking up valuable ‘real estate’ on the screen for advertisers. I think if people buy enough puzzles that should suffice to avoid using the space at the bottom of the screen. Since you’ve changed (I assume) ownership, please keep in mind you do have loyal customers who really look forward to the nightly diversion of a jigsaw (or several) puzzles, and are not averse to buying more.\nOn another topic, I believe some of my puzzles have not been transferred when you changed your format. One in particular had many words, black and white. It would be nice, fair, if all of my previous purchases could be restored.\nThank you', 'userName': 'nonna@cool', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12298281, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear about your continued issues with the app. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-846688 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-09T16:40:41Z'}, 'title': 'Loading Issues!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 6, 18, 53, 17), 'review': 'My husband and I have had your puzzle app on our IPads for many years and we enjoyed putting your daily puzzles together! Until you started updating with improvements that stopped us from being able to load your daily puzzles with and without high speed internet! I have sent you complaints after complaints and it’s still a problem! So your app is taking up space that I can use for a puzzle app that does work so I’m deleting your none working app to install a puzzle app that dose work! I may try your puzzle app again sometime in the future in hopes that you have cleared up the problems with the app. Sincerely By Puzzle Player!', 'userName': 'Peacekeeper54', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 9214077, 'body': "Hi RK_Raven, Thanks for reporting this to us! I'm sorry to hear that your game is crashing and we'd like to learn more info to properly assist you! Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your unique ID MW-608495. We hope to hear from you soon!", 'modified': '2019-06-17T20:55:38Z'}, 'title': 'Puzzle troubles', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 12, 1, 17, 46), 'review': 'Edited: \nThe devs are doing a great job they fix the crashing but it seems like it rears up again and again.  At the moment the app seems to close with no warning. 4 times in the last 30 minutes. Please continue the work. Overall really enjoy the puzzles\n\nMy wife enjoys the puzzles a lot, but after the recent updates the game has been crashing about 3 times in 10 minutes. The response is almost unplayable, I want to use the word laggy to describe it.  iOS is current and game is updated.  This same thing happened about a month ago but was resolved with the following update. The recent update re introduced the issue. Please review and fix. Happy wife, happy life. Thank you for this wonderful app.', 'userName': 'RK_Raven', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 7954973, 'body': "Hi Cfrush\n\nThank you so much for reaching out. I'm so sorry to hear you're experiencing this repeated connection issue. I recommend sending a new ticket so our team can get updated information to better assist you! Please open the in-game Settings, select Support and then Contact Us so that we can learn more. We hope to hear from you soon!", 'modified': '2019-03-28T17:53:56Z'}, 'title': 'Connection problem', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 22, 11, 47, 36), 'review': 'This use to be a very good game. With the latest updates it changed. I have a problem with the game connecting to the internet. No matter where I am it tells me that I need to connect to the internet. Later in the day it magically connects and I get the free game. I have complained about this several times but the main answer I get is to delete the app and reinstall it. Then they would help me get everything that is gone on the reinstall. I not only lost the free games but I lost all my points. Plus I’m still having the same problem with the game connecting to the internet. I haven’t been contacted since this happened. Hopefully someone will contact me soon. I have had this app for a few years and I have really enjoyed it. But I’m thinking I will uninstall it for good and move on.', 'userName': 'Cfrush', 'rating': 2}, {'title': 'Pleased', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'By signing in with Facebook none of the offers by doing so, become effective. \nNo free puzzle pack, free greacoins for points has become outrageously stingy. \nEspecially considering that their only value is to purchase puzzles. Grew\nYou cannot play across devices. As in starting a puzzle on iPad and continue to work the puzzle on your phone while in a waiting situation. Thenonly flaw is to not establish to go back to iPad with the work on phone transferring to primary device. \nI do like the app. I do play it daily. But it’s always frustrating when app developers aren’t wholly honest. Even if it’s a misunderstood premise, it should be clarified.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 15, 1, 30, 5), 'userName': 'Retro Suzy'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 4077807, 'body': 'Hello THATGUY387,\n\nThank you for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!\n\nPlease consider that ad revenue is how we fund the ongoing development and support for this free game. Every ad should be simple to close and never display during the middle of your game to create the best possible experience! We ask that users Contact Us through the Help & Support page in-game if they are encountering broken ads.\n\nIf you would prefer to play the game without any advertisements, then I recommend that you purchase the Premium Upgrade. It will not only Remove Ads from the game but also unlock the Create Your Own Puzzle feature!', 'modified': '2018-07-03T16:49:24Z'}, 'title': 'Need to stick to the deal', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'It is a good game. I’ll admit that, but the piece movement is pretty jerky so it’s difficult to get the pieces right in place. You have to try a few times to lock it in. Also, the reason for three stars is because they’re breaking the agreement. I’ve agreed to watch their commercials in exchange for being able to play the game that they have taken the time to develop. But the deal is, I watch it, I get a puzzle.  In reality, I have to watch 2 or 3 of them before I actually get to solve the puzzle.  That’s dishonest. It’s cheating the deal. I’ve even downloaded a couple of the games they showed me, but my new policy is that I will not download a single game until the deal is respected.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 7, 2, 4, 38), 'userName': 'THATGUY387'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18505545, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding that particular feature. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2020-10-15T16:34:09Z'}, 'title': 'Doug', 'isEdited': True, 'review': 'I have enjoyed your puzzles for years, sadly all your updates, commercials and multiple add on games has taken almost all of the joy out of working puzzles!  Your app has only loaded up on my phone once in the last 4-5 days (today). After working a puzzle I went out and tried to get back in and it will not load again!  I do not like the current update with the options on the side! I have never liked any of your updates!  Why don’t you forget about the stupid add on games, leave your updates to a bare minimum, stop changing the way the game is set up and let people who enjoy working puzzles actually work a puzzle without all your extra crap! \n\nI sent in my complaint via email also and have yet to receive a response. I’m headed to the App Store now to look into a new puzzle game before your app ruins my joy.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 9, 23, 7), 'userName': 'bdrredsteel '}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17425877, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-08-21T20:39:34Z'}, 'title': 'Hate the latest update', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'All of a sudden, I now have to watch an ad before I can play the free daily puzzle. And I’m not seeing any way to avoid that — not even paying a couple of bucks just to make that go away. Very disappointing. I’ll look for another game to relax with.\n\nUpdate: Even though the “play” button on the free daily puzzle now says I need to watch an ad to play, if I press play anyway, I’m allowed into the puzzle with no pop up video ad required. So as long as that is still the case, no need to fix anything, I guess It’s misleading, though. And I’ll just pile on what lots of other reviews say: Stop with all the pop ups! So annoying. I really do like the features in this puzzle app, though, where you can “snap” the puzzle piece in place and you see a little flash. Great feature!', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 17, 22, 42, 32), 'userName': 'leafwingbite'}, {'title': 'I love this game!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'First off, I’ve had this game for about a month now and I have to say, Playing Jigsaw Puzzle is so much fun, I love how easy and neat it is to see your finished work and I love the option to create your own puzzle.\nMy only problem with it is that I dislike how you have to always buy puzzles, plus, they ask for too many coins so you are unable to buy them that way.\nAll I’d change was that all puzzles (or at least most of them) should be free. I don’t wanna spend 2 dollars on an online puzzle I’m only going to do once.\nBesides all that, I really enjoy this game and look forward to playing more of it.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 25, 20, 29, 33), 'userName': 'Kyman Shipper'}, {'title': 'Great, but', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'We are full-time RVers, so traditional jigsaw puzzles are problematic. When I got an iPad, I immediately searched for a jigsaw puzzle app. I discarded a few for various reasons before finding this app. I immediately loved everything about it! The options, the free daily puzzle - it was perfect. But, and it’s a big one, there have been recurring problems with “glitches” that are lowering my rating. They have been responsive, and corrected most quickly. However, I have been unable to load the daily puzzle for a couple of days. They say they are aware, but so far, no fix. If not for this, they’d get a perfect rating from me.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 5, 14, 18, 10), 'userName': 'Dananko'}, {'title': 'Love this app', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "This is by far one of my favorite apps. It never has issues and always works like it is supposed to. I like the new feature that allows me to look at a smaller floating version of the puzzle. It would be cool to have a few of those floating screens where I could work on sorting pieces or put together sections of the puzzle, then have them out of the way when I'm working on something else. \nI agree with someone who wrote that the puzzle titles are sometimes way off base but that's so unimportant that I get a chuckle out of it and sort of look forward finding the next blooper. Great job everyone!", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 18, 15, 20, 22), 'userName': 'Word Kitty'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 3401084, 'body': 'Hello mermaidsdream,\n\nThank you for your suggestion regarding the ability to sync the game between devices. We love to hear user feedback and comments because we will always consider suggestions during our development meetings!\n\nThanks for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!', 'modified': '2018-05-08T18:39:47Z'}, 'title': 'Better than most, lacking 1 feature', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’ve tried other jigsaw puzzle apps, and this one seems to be the closest to what I want out of a puzzle app. I can turn off the majority of the extras I have no use for (no music for me, thanks), and there’s an amazing selection of puzzles to choose from. \n\nI’m not overly thrilled with the constant pop up notifications with whatever theme/pack is on sale,  but I’ll live. What I’d really like to see the ability to sync between devices. While the game keeps track of the puzzles you solve, it doesn’t if you open the app on another device. I really have 0 desire to do some of these puzzles a second time, or lose all my progress.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 8, 1, 31, 27), 'userName': 'SmVu42'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23052235, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm glad that you're no longer seeing crashing in the app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-05-27T20:41:43Z'}, 'title': 'Crashes', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I used to love this game and played it daily.  For the past few weeks (roughly coinciding with the introduction of the Monopoly challenge) I have to try MULTIPLE times to open the app because it just keeps crashing.  I don’t think the problem is on my end. As others have stated, I also dislike the “last piece” feature and the loss of the sorting trays.  Please address these issues so I can once again give a 5 star rating!\n\nUpdate:  glitches in the game causing crashes have been rectified and I once again love this app!  The puzzle packs are lovely and so relaxing to complete.  Thanks for a great pastime', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 23, 13, 3, 44), 'userName': 'Lorieleek'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20071463, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-12-29T20:36:20Z'}, 'title': 'Thanks for fixing! Great app!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Amending my review. The problem has been fixed and admins reached out! Thank you! I do love jigsaw puzzle and do puzzles every day. They have helped me through this trying year. There are so many beautiful pictures to do and it’s relaxing and keeps the brain active. Sometimes I just do a quick and easy one and other times I make it a challenge. It’s great to have the options.\n\nAre you ever going to fix the problem where the game doesn’t load? I have to try to open sometimes 20 times before it loads and I can play! This has been happening for quite a while now.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 12, 47, 59), 'userName': 'Agp360'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17810327, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-980528 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-09-10T18:40:07Z'}, 'title': 'Love the app', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "Had this same app on my iPad, but that stopped working (wouldn't open and immediately flashed off) a while back. I had a large # of puzzles in storage waiting for me to do, but lost them all when I had to update my iPad and had not been able to resolve the frozen app issue before doing so. I was really upset and disappointed. I absolutely love this app and the puzzle inventory so I started all over again and it’s been great and everything working well. App works really well on my small phone. Great puzzles, all kinds of themes and one free every day. My only problem is that pieces are tiny on my phone.", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 7, 2, 1, 41), 'userName': 'PRabuela'}, {'title': 'Can’t put down', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I was looking for something besides Candy Crush and I like doing jigsaw puzzles so I tried this one.  Love it. You can select how hard you want from 4 to 1024 pieces. There are lots of free puzzles and the packs that are not free are reasonably price for the amount of puzzles you get and there are always sales.  The two best things is you aren’t taking up a table to do these puzzles and you don’t have a ton of boxed puzzles laying around. There are ads by most are less than 5 secs although you can pay extra for no ads. If you like jigsaw puzzles you will love this one and get hooked like I have.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 20, 18, 20, 18), 'userName': '1205 mom'}, {'title': 'Use to be five', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'Every time they do an update they do something irritating. I use to give it five stars.  The puzzles are beautiful, you can decide how many pieces you want it to be, they offer free puzzles at times, you can earn points to purchase free or reduced puzzles, and they’re fun.  But with this recent update the ads are driving me nuts.  I understand the need for ads, but in the past I bought an upgrade that I thought was to limit them some.  Every button I press brings up one to three ads now. I spend more time x-ing out ads than I spend putting a puzzle together now. It’s gotten to the point I dread updates as each time they do I get less happy with the app.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 20, 16, 19, 41), 'userName': 'CheyBrit'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13698580, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We appreciate you providing your honest feedback regarding the images available in the app. If you have any questions or further feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-02-25T17:10:39Z'}, 'title': 'Like it a lot, but...', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'What’s the point of writing reviews if you guys seem to mock the critiques: WHY THE HORRIBLE PHOTOSHOPPING???? You have perfectly good pictures, why destroy them with those garish, unnatural colors??? Also, why did you stop giving information about locations? I thought it was interesting, although obviously... it’s too bad.\n\nNew review, same comments: the photo-shopping is atrocious and the titles are too often wrong, not informative or vague. Learn to use photoshop, please. Otherwise, this is a well-built app.\n\nPHOTOSHOPPING is getting worse! Same criticism as the two above: I just don’t understand why do you have to distort colors this much. The pics are good, the themes are good, but the editors are colorblind!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 24, 14, 12, 11), 'userName': "What you don't know..."}, {'title': 'Somthin Happn’d', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I’m not sure what changed with the most recent update - but now the app is slower to load, has new ‘loading’ screens, doesn’t recognize the orientation of my device as well, and worst of all the ‘feel’ is off. Used to be I could select and move pieces with 90-95% success. Now I’m lucky if I’m successful 50% of the time. I find myself having to repeatedly try to select and move the same piece, AAAAARRRRRGGGGHHHHHHHH! To quote someone from Peanuts. If I didn’t enjoy it so much from before - I wouldn’t come back. Here’s hopping you can find a way to bring back the ‘feel’ the game used to have. Not sure how much longer I’ll put up with waiting for it to get as good as it used to be.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 9, 44, 9), 'userName': 'zolo2'}, {'title': 'Puzzle Lady', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I enjoy your puzzles very much.  I do one a day, mostly with the TV going at night.  The pictures are beautiful, some are easy and some are quite difficult.  I have purchased several packs and am grateful for the free ones.  It's really my favorite app.  I like the click as the pieces fit together.  Unfortunately, my very old iPad2 is giving me fits with this app and am having difficulty with the puzzles, but I still use it every day.  I am hooked!!!\n\nUpdate:  I still do the puzzle just about everyday.  I like the updates, especially how the piece clicks and highlights each one.  By using the iPad, my dining room stays free.", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 8, 0, 30, 45), 'userName': 'Chickery Chick'}, {'title': 'Would love to give more stars', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I enjoy this app a lot, but the thing that bugs me every time is the way a piece locks into place when it is placed where it goes in the puzzle. I like to play around with pieces more and then move big chunks aside so I can focus on the other pieces. I don't mind a little shake or light-up function to let me know where a piece goes, but I dislike never being able to move that piece again. I end up spending a lot of time making sure not that put things in the proper place until the end because once it's stuck, the rest of the pieces are often still scattered all over as a can no longer clear the center to work. Very annoying. Please fix this so I can happily add two more start.", 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 25, 14, 48, 50), 'userName': 'Shmeeep'}, {'title': 'Best Puzzle app ever!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': "I love this app and do puzzles every day on my iPad.  Was great on road trip on bus this past weekend.  Also great in hotel room.  Both bus and Ramada had free WiFi.  Even if they didn't, I have made some great inexpensive puzzle collections.  Going to purchase Halloween ones to have when I substitute teach.....I'll use as a reward for good behavior and effort.  I'll let you know how it works.  I also show all of teachers the app and they love it too! You should contact school districts, hospitals, nursing homes, etc because they would love it also.  Just got your two new skills and they are helpful.  Thank you for such a wonderful app.   Nancy L.", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 17, 2, 20, 21), 'userName': 'Chicmump'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 22134320, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We appreciate your continued feedback regarding the artwork and available packs in this app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-04-08T22:06:51Z'}, 'title': 'Best jigsaw puzzle app!', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I love the artwork of Charles Wysocki and have many jigsaw puzzles of his artwork. In this app I have purchased all of the Americana series puzzle packs. This app is one of my all time favorites because I can have jigsaw puzzles wherever I am.\nThere is a great variety of artwork styles to choose from and multiple size options. With the most recent update, the option bar within a puzzle has moved from the side to the top and is less obtrusive- good move!\nI’m hoping for more Americana puzzle packs, maybe Americana Springtime? In any case, keep up the great work and the regular updates that keep this app functioning smoothly.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 5, 19, 48, 7), 'userName': 'RL:))'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19330057, 'body': "Thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:20:53Z'}, 'title': 'Terrible “updates”', 'isEdited': False, 'review': 'I used to love this puzzle game. Then today I updated my device and when I went to play my favorite jigsaw puzzle game, to which I have been a premium customer and purchased many puzzle packs, everything changed. The toolbar across the bottom can no longer be kept open. It is now double in size and has to be opened and closed every time you want to view the finished picture. There is now only one try for puzzle pieces and it is only single piece width. You can no longer open up to 4 trays for sorting different pieces and you can’t make it double wide if you choose, so you can only see about 5-6 pieces at a time. Why even have the tray? These are the the worst upgrades ever. The whole game went backwards and I will not be coming back if these idiotic changes don’t go back to excellent like they were.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 6, 2, 30), 'userName': 'PosiTude Living'}, {'review': 'T really like this app. There’s of variety in the puzzle choices. I like colorful puzzles and there are tons pack like that. They scenic set and collages, really difficult ones with repeated patterns. Holiday specific, artist renderings.  If you’re into jigsaw puzzles, I’m sure you’ll find a bunch for you. \n\nAlso, you really never need to purchase anything. Every day there is a free puzzle you can choose to download. Even if you don’t feel like doing a puzzle at the time, you can still save the daily puzzle for another day. \n\n There are also a few free puzzle sets (5-7) puzzle you can download. \n\nThey started having some puzzle challenges, where you do puzzles for the challenge and the win a free puzzle set. The challenge puzzles are also free. \n\nFor the puzzles you do and watching adds, you can earn coins to purchase puzzles packs, instead of cash. \n\nThere are a number of settings (number of pieces, all rotation of pieces, etc) that lets you how difficult you want the puzzles to be.', 'userName': 'sdn2018', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 12, 22, 26, 39), 'title': 'Lots of variety'}, {'review': 'This a great puzzle app. There are many choices of puzzle pictures and styles. There are sorting trays. There’s a Daily Free Puzzle, usually from an available puzzle pack, so if you want more, you can get the pack. Pack costs are very reasonable. You can earn in-app credits as well, and use those towards additional packs. The only “con” I can think of is that I wish it had a tray space not just for sorting, but for working on a smaller area, which then gets placed into the larger puzzle (for instance, if you want to work on just putting together the red rose, then put that entire “chunk” into the puzzle of a vase of flowers).', 'userName': 'LaurenLBK', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 6, 17, 54, 34), 'title': 'Excellent Puzzle App'}, {'review': 'I love the puzzle app.  Best one out there, however even though I have paid for the ad free version, they try to get you to buy additional puzzle packs and their other games by popping up click through ads.  This is absolutely annoying and there is no way to turn it off.  I am evaluating other puzzle apps because it is so bad. They didn’t do this when I first started using the app.  Sometimes I have to click through 3-4 ads just to get to the next puzzle.  But, they took the liberty to do it.  I complained but got no satisfactory response.  They said they needed to do it to keep it cheap. Well I paid for it so why the ads?  If I wanted ads I would have just used the free version.', 'userName': 'jcb.anti-ads', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16545131, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-10T21:26:22Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 6, 12, 13, 2), 'title': 'Love it but too many pop ups'}, {'review': 'I have always loved puzzles. As a child I would watch my mother do them and it seem to relax her so much I’m sure she needed the help there were six of us. Poor lady lol. Over the years during stressful times I would fall back to puzzles in need of a escape from raising my 7 children. Now they are gone and I have time and space to spend on my beloved puzzles. I’m not great on playing around with apps but one day I was plucking around and I found your site. The heavens opened up and my love affair with your relaxing site. I no longer did I need a table large enough to enjoy my puzzles. Thank you so much I’m totally relaxed.', 'userName': "ashleigh's mom", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 15, 2, 56, 13), 'title': 'Puzzle lover'}, {'review': 'This would have more stars, but how many times do you send e-mail about a glitch & it just NEVER gets fixed?!?!??? They have objectives like completing puzzles with so many # of pieces & then it gets a little harder like adding rotation to the pieces. The one that I will never complete is 80 days of playing because 15 or so days into it, I get no credit for the puzzle. Like the game automatically begins to have those “glitches” & I just noticed I’m not getting the coins for completing the puzzle. Is it a conspiracy to keep the player from completing the objectives or do the programmers not notice the big flaw? Did they even test it? Do they care???? Looking for a new & BETTER game to get my attention. Not wasting more effort to this wasted half-?!$ programming flaw that doesn’t change, at least in areas that count.', 'userName': 'Pl4fn', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14249389, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry that you're seeing continued issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-903707 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-25T22:45:58Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 23, 2, 52, 16), 'title': 'Don’t get expecting fairness!!'}, {'review': 'Works like a “real” jigsaw puzzle where you can see all the pieces at once.  When you have a large number of pieces, they are very small and hard to pick out, but once you get a few stuck together, it’s easier to move them. I do wish you could move the finished pieces instead of having them locked in place. My work-around is to piece the puzzle together outside of the frame.\nI like the new trays. They free up needed space after scattering the pieces outside the finish area.\nHow about an “undo” option where we could take apart the last two pieces that were joined together?', 'userName': 'Nutty Squirrel 44', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13675751, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-24T19:28:57Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 23, 1, 46, 1), 'title': 'Nice jigsaw puzzle!'}, {'review': 'I just want to work a puzzle or two while I drink my coffee in the morning. In the last few months, though, the puzzle has gotten slower and slower, and freezes often. Sometimes I get lots of tokens, because the puzzle comes another couple of times as incomplete. Then I work it again and get more tokens. When the pictures started appearing in the background as the program was trying to load, the slowdowns and freezes escalated. Then, this morning the worst came. I got the puzzle loaded on the fifth try, but as I started moving the pieces, the whole thing went away, and I\'ve not been able to retrieve it. \n\nReminds me of being at my job and having to deal with someone new in the Tech Dept. Reminds me of the number of times I mutter to myself that old adage, "If it ain\'t broke, don\'t fix it."', 'userName': 'Sad for my loss', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13768698, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-888980 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-02-28T21:32:00Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 24, 15, 24, 34), 'title': 'Sad to let all those puzzles go'}, {'review': 'Loved this game until latest update. Can’t work on puzzle more than a few seconds and then it crashes. Please fix this!! I miss being able to work on my puzzles!\n\nWhen it was working properly I gave this app 5 stars.\n\nUpdate on this review: the game no longer crashes and is working great again! Thank you for fixing it! This is my favorite game. In fact, it is the only game I spend money on so that I have many puzzles to choose from each day. I look forward to the daily free puzzle as well as free puzzle packs around the holidays.', 'userName': 'grey willow', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 22, 2, 36, 55), 'title': 'Crashes since update; It’s fixed! See updated review below'}, {'review': 'I have been playing this puzzle app for several years now and it was five star when I started.  With each upgrade, I find I like it less.  I have been trying to complete the Objectives since I started this app.  Then there was an update that just about\nDoubled the objectives.  So I kept playing.  Again, there is to be a change and Objectives have been shut down for several months.  I find now that everything that was completed before the shut down will be saved.  But the puzzles that I completed afterwards (not knowing it had been shut down)will not be saved.  Bad move guys!', 'userName': 'macabetty', 'developerResponse': {'id': 9156625, 'body': "Thank you for taking the time to leave us a review, macabetty! I regret deeply to hear that the pausing of objectives has given you so much frustration. Our production team is hard at work on improving the objectives system. We hope to make it even more engaging and rewarding to play! While it isn't much consolation to you now, I am hoping you'll love the new system. If we can answer any questions or concerns, please feel free to reach out to us via Settings, Help & Support. We thank you sincerely for playing and supporting our game!", 'modified': '2019-06-13T18:52:45Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 8, 3, 58, 1), 'title': 'Tired of waiting for the objectives to come back online.'}, {'review': 'I love this app...have had it for 3-4 year! Everything was great until the new update! Now the board slides around when you are trying to move pieces, the sensitivity of interlocking pieces is waaaaaay too high (you have to have them perfect to get them to stick), the picture won’t blow up large enough anymore, the scatter doesn’t really spread things optimally and they overlap the border, and it also seems like some of the picture quality has gotten grainy! Please undo whatever you did! I have spent a lot of money on puzzles and can no longer enjoy them. I even tried adjusting some of the settings and that did not help. Very disappointing! I will be looking for a new puzzle app if things do not improve!', 'userName': 'Lyndseymd', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 31, 19, 22, 41), 'title': 'New update is terrrrrrible'}, {'review': 'I love this app! Not sure what the latest update was correcting, but it did ‘uncorrect’ a few things. The Sort feature no longer works. It is stuck on Default. You have to get out of the app and clear it off of iPad, then go back into the app to play. The puzzle tabletop moves when you’re just trying to move pieces, so that’s inconvenient. Locking, and unlocking all of the time. You also have to get the pieces very correctly placed for them to lock in, or so it seems to me. And then there is the smaller whole puzzle reference- why? So I’m curious to know what exactly the update corrected, because I wasn’t aware that there was anything wrong!', 'userName': 'ChillnPepper', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 24, 17, 5, 48), 'title': 'BUT! Please undo the latest update-'}, {'review': 'I would have given this 5 stars except without my 4 tray availability this is so bad.  I use to use the areas around the puzzle to sort pieces and then the trays appeared and were so helpful. Maybe if you hadn’t added them I wouldn’t now know what I am missing. I usually choose puzzles with 400 pieces and need the trays  to organize. I’ve thought over the past several years to move up to even more difficult ones but won’t think about it now.  I have so many puzzle packs but wouldn’t increase them now because it’s just not as much fun for me. Please bring the trays back.', 'userName': 'Meriadoc 15', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19546641, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-04T15:41:55Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 30, 0, 31, 40), 'title': 'I want my trays back'}, {'review': 'I use this on two different iPads. I bought a puzzle pack, which did download to that iPad, but is unavailable on the other one. I even tried repurchasing it on the second device, to no avail. Unfortunate, because the app is a fairly well designed and fun to use. Best feature is Custom, allowing you to use your own images, and I will stick with that from now on.\n\nUpdate: That issue has been resolved. However, the app has deteriorated over time. \n1. Ads are incredibly intrusive. Updates are clearly to force more ads. Used to be a little annoying at times, but nothing like this. \n2. Prices per puzzle have risen. OK, they are in this business to make money. Not that much of a complaint, but still…\n3. The coins have dropped precipitously in value. Formerly, the exchange rate was 1 coin per penny of cash price, though few sets could be gotten for coins. Recently the app demands 6990 coins for puzzle sets on sale for $2.99 or even $1.99. The monetary price for some of those packs is quite reasonable, but the coins are pretty worthless. That reduces the sense of playing a game. \n4. Did I mention intrusive ads?\n5. “Developer responses” are canned nonsense.', 'userName': 'LikesMyTouch', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14550850, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry that you're having trouble with purchases in the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-911176 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-04-08T22:23:32Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 4, 1, 13, 8), 'title': 'In-app purchases unreliable'}, {'review': 'I’ve had to delete whole app and then restore due to taking too much space on my I pad. Will have to do again. I don’t wNt to have to put same puzzles together again. I have so many that I run out of space before done. That’s why I can’t buy more. I’ve archived but still takes too much space.\n\nCan’t you make size smaller when complete so this doesn’t keep happening? I sometimes want to buy more but they take too much space.\n\nI think most sets are beautiful. Not into old fashion so much or too many angles. But wonderful colors of outdoors, and other stuff is great', 'userName': 'rigged to not take review', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 4, 22, 24, 17), 'title': 'Takes too much space'}, {'review': 'I would normally give this 5 stars because I love this app and play it all the time. When they first started giving coins for completing puzzles it was great.  Once you had collected enough coins, you could purchase a puzzle pack with them. It would take a while to earn them, but you had almost all puzzle packs to choose from.\nNow you can earn coins much faster if you watch their ads.  Since you can earn them faster, the choices of puzzle packs to purchase with your coins is extremely limited.  They get the benefits of all the ads being watched and the players get less use of the coins.', 'userName': 'Kdp43', 'developerResponse': {'id': 2575202, 'body': 'Hello Kdp43,\n\nThank you for your review. We are aware that these issues may affect some users. Please contact our support team so we gather specific information about your device and these incidents.', 'modified': '2018-02-13T17:26:14Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 31, 1, 5, 22), 'title': 'Very few puzzles to buy with coins'}, {'review': 'I have been using this app for many years. Whatever you have done with the latest up date is not working on my iPad. I finish a couple of puzzles, get credits, exit to the home screen and checked to see if my finished puzzles are recorded. The next day it seems the puzzle resets to the status of the day before. The puzzles I did are no longer marked or recorded as finished although the credits from finishing those puzzles are still there. I am very frustrated since I addressed this issue several days ago by email. I love this app and hope you will address this issue soon.', 'userName': 'MareOwl', 'developerResponse': {'id': 8030924, 'body': 'Hi there, \n\nWe appreciate you reaching out. Your feedback is invaluable to our future development. I’m sorry for the trouble with our latest update. Please Contact Us in-game Settings and select Support so we can dive deeper into these issues. This will allow our team to gather more information so you can get back to enjoying Jigsaw without distractions! We thank you for your patience.', 'modified': '2019-04-02T21:23:32Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 27, 19, 47, 52), 'title': 'Puzzle glitch.'}, {'review': "I would like to know, what happened to all my puzzles?...I thought that I was deleting some others...You cleared all of my puzzles...You know I had a lot, some I paid for & a lot of them were also free...Please, give them back... I'll look to see if you did...                                           \n\nI need y'all to tell me, why did all, all, all my puzzles get deleted!!!...I was deleting some, because the new change for the front...I couldn't even get in...I bought lots & lots of the  all the many colors...I really need you to please give them back...If you look up my account, you'll see, I paid for lots...", 'userName': 'Roselavender19', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 24, 0, 56, 58), 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzles'}, {'review': 'So I’ll keep mine short and sweet. It’s a good app, does what you expect. It’s a solid puzzle app. It lets you pick your piece count for each puzzle. There are plenty of free puzzle packs and a free daily puzzle. The puzzle packs for purchase can be a bit expensive to earn through in-app coins but then that’s likely the point. They’d prefer you fork over a couple bucks to help support their efforts. Improvements I’d like to see. Wider variety of puzzle scenes. There’s nothing licensed or well-known here. I would also like to see puzzles that are different shapes. Would it really hurt to have a rectangular puzzle for once? That’s about it. Fix those couple minor issues and it’s a 5 star review.', 'userName': 'Eccohawk', 'developerResponse': {'id': 6889039, 'body': 'Hello Eccohawk, \n\nThank you for reaching out to us with your suggestion. We value your feedback and have forwarded your comments to our development team for consideration. We appreciate you taking the time to share your Jigsaw experience with us!', 'modified': '2019-01-17T17:59:40Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 1, 15, 12, 44, 49), 'title': 'Good app'}, {'review': 'I looked at a lot of puzzle apps before deciding on this one. The shape of the pieces and the great pictures and artwork are what sold me. I was happy to pay for the premium upgrade as there were a lot of ads. This is the most I’ve ever spent on an app, and figure it’s so they can pay the licensing for all the great pictures and artwork. The premium upgrade does not get rid of all ads and promotions though, they sneak back in with special puzzle series and games you can play to get “coins” for free puzzles, then you get to opt out again for another 30 days. Would give all 5 stars if the upgrade truly got rid of all the ads. I still play it nearly every day!', 'userName': 'Di422', 'developerResponse': {'id': 24270826, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2021-08-02T18:36:03Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 29, 19, 31, 16), 'title': 'Great artwork!'}, {'review': 'I love doing the puzzles anywhere I happen to be. Great on the subway. I really like the new updates particularly the single button that puts the pieces into the tray. Before I’d spend five minutes scooping into the tray. Now I need a button that aligns the edge pieces so all the edges are in the same direction :). \n\nUpdate. I’m getting increasingly annoyed by all the added games like Monopoly which I never did figure out how to play, and Scavenger hunt, plus every time there is a holiday there are things thrown in for that too. I just want to do my crossword puzzles. Please get rid of all those. Sometimes I have to close 3 or 4 options before it will let me get to my puzzle. Grrrr', 'userName': 'Scubalucas', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22558356, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2021-04-30T17:52:38Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 4, 30, 22, 21, 5), 'title': 'Love puzzles'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 3, 21, 44, 32), 'title': 'Pandemic time saver', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Jamaica6422', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I used to do a puzzle game a long time ago when I first got a smart phone. I got bored with the selection of puzzles and eventually deleted the app. Since I had 5 months off work due to Covid 19, I decided to try it again. This app is awesome. Not only can you pick super easy options to extremely hard, but there are a variety of free puzzles to choose from. You get a free puzzle every day, you can save enough coins from completing puzzles to purchase more or you can shell out the $2 for a 40 pack of more. You can even use your own pics as puzzles. A lot of fun, highly enjoyable!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 31, 3, 0, 37), 'title': 'Awesome app', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Hannah 316', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I love this app. When ever I need to relax or I am bored I’ll play this. They have so many puzzles to choose from. In the puzzles they have help tools and places to sort your pieces. One of my favorite parts of the game, is the fact that you can choose how many pieces you want in your puzzle. The only thing that is wrong with this game is the fact that you have to pay for more collections of puzzles. Although there’s a ton of free puzzles to choose from I would like it better if they let you pay in coins instead of real money. But like I said there are still lots of free puzzles to choose from.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 28, 7, 20, 42), 'title': 'Puzzles', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Robins fly', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I have been working these puzzles since 2012.\nI’m never bored and the variety and colors draw you in.  I’m truly addicted and playing most nights before I go to bed to get my mind off stressful days, chronic pain, and becoming relaxed as troubles fade away through the beauty throughout the world. No other puzzle apps provide such variety and you can re-download anything you have gotten previously to enjoy your favorite puzzle without additional cost.  This is truly the best app for puzzles I have ever seen.\nThanks to the company and workers who put this app together for work that results in my joy and pleasure.\nRobin'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 11, 21, 31, 46), 'title': 'Going downhill', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16001584, 'body': "Thanks for reporting an inappropriate ad. At MobilityWare, we have strict guidelines that don't allow political, sexual, religious, or violent content in ads. We proactively block these, but sometimes one can slip through. Please Contact Us from within the app's Settings with a screenshot of the ad so we can work to remove it. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-06-15T18:49:01Z'}, 'userName': 'Clkiwis', 'rating': 2, 'review': 'This app started off great for us. Good clean app that the whole family could enjoy. We paid to have in app ads turned off too. Fast forward about two years and all the sudden annoying pop ups after each puzzle started asking if I wanted to watch an ad. I watched one and it wasn’t child friendly in the least and totally out of character for anything we would be interested in. Now they have updated again and I can’t even tell how many coins I get for the number of puzzle pieces I do. Honestly would be happy with just doing a puzzle a day but the coins are nice to add more content. I think their pricing for the coins are ridiculous. Biggest upset though is the ads they are trying to push on me when I paid not to have ads.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 9, 51, 9), 'title': 'Yes and no', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15425485, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-930054 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-05-19T18:14:25Z'}, 'userName': 'BobDeS', 'rating': 4, 'review': "Love the puzzles . . . But . . . They use too much storage space on my mini iPad. Even with deleting all completed puzzles and keeping the not yet done number below 10. If I can't the storage amount down I'll be deleting the app.  Any suggestions?\n\nFirst, I can’t do a review without it being added to the review above.       Second, I’ve been enjoying the puzzles greatly and find them a true distraction from the current realities.    \nMy current complaint is that in trying to complete all objectives I just got set back to 0 out of 80 puzzles a day when I clearly did complete a puzzle a day yesterday and each prior day for 44 or 45 days.  Can I get a reset?"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 1, 0, 7, 16), 'title': 'Jigsaw puzzle', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13858647, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I\'m sorry that you\'re unhappy with the ads in the app. Ads should provide a close or skip option in the form of an "X", fast forward "arrow" symbol, or something similar. If this option is missing or misbehaving for an ad you\'re seeing, please Contact Us so we can fix it!', 'modified': '2020-03-04T18:34:33Z'}, 'userName': 'Pg peanut butter', 'rating': 3, 'review': "This is my favorite app. And your always making it even better. Just wish you had more cities with people in them, as it's always fun before you put the last piece in to be able to zoom in and really see a close-up of what's happening. Love how often you come up with new choices. Only negative  is some times the captions are wrong.\nAlso I don't like when you sell a new pack and it has one or two pictures from another pack, like you think we wouldn't notice.  But I still highly recommend this app\n     Stop with the ads popping up while your doing a puzzle\nI use this for relaxation. That is very annoying \nI won’t buy anymore puzzle packs until you stop this practice"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 22, 18, 46, 28), 'title': 'Would have been 5-star, but for the pop ups', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bjblack', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This is an excellent app but recently the pop up ads have been SOOOO frustrating! They pop up right next to where you need to touch so unless you are very careful, you will get the ad instead. Then, once it\'s up, it hangs me there because it "hides" the "x" to remove it. I\'ve had to completely turn off my iPad several times just to get rid of the ad. It\'s maddening and makes me less inclined to use this app.  It sounds from the other reviews like they are trying to get me to purchase an "upgraded" and "ad free" version which may or may not work!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 11, 20, 42, 1), 'title': 'Help', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 11804924, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing some issues in the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-832047 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-11-12T17:14:50Z'}, 'userName': 'hotchickens', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this app.  But lately y’all have have quite a few updates witch is great if it fixes thing. Since updating my app. It has more issues than it ever has had before. When working on a puzzle it will just kick you out for no reason and will not let you back in it. Or you try to open and it won’t open or a few time it will open to an add and will freeze up not let u out of the add.  I understand the need for some add but your app has easy to many now. Download the free puzzle have to watch an add I have several puzzle downloaded now have to watch an add to work them. Just saying that just too many reather be working the puzzles.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 10, 15, 59, 30), 'title': 'Recent update Problems', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 11782353, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble with that feature. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-831374 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-11-11T18:50:12Z'}, 'userName': 'NettyJen', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'Since the last update the daily puzzle is not working correctly. The picture of the daily puzzle is not the puzzle that comes up when opened. Today the puzzle was toasted bread with fruits, berries, and vegetables. The puzzle that appears to actually play is a sea or space creature with big red eyes with blue around it. Its body is green, blue and has red tentacles and claws. After completing the puzzle the description still states its toasted bread...\nThe same thing has occurred for a couple of  days now. \n\nI tried to review the app through the app itself but anything I typed came up blank on my screen. This is not happening reviewing directly from the Apple AppStore.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 5, 29, 50), 'title': 'Hate new update', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'coach34', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I hate the newest update. It’s hard to grab the pieces, just keep moving the background around. This rarely happened before and now it happens every second piece I try to interact with.\nWhy not fix some major issues - not sending piece all the way to the edges of the screen on the top and bottom?? Every time you try to get those pieces it ends up pulling down the notifications or up the quick actions. Why not create a buffer at the top and bottom so pieces don’t end up in those hard to reach spots?\nHave really enjoyed this game and bought a number of puzzles, but with the current usability, I’ll not be playing much and certainly won’t be purchasing anymore until it gets fixed.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 23, 8, 14, 7), 'title': "Didn't get what I paid for", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LPN 13', 'rating': 5, 'review': "Thursday I purchased two puzzle packs but never got them one was I believe best of Europe 11it had a picture of a London phone box and I don't  remember what the other title was and I haven't seen it again I feel like I got ripped off they were only $1.99 each but it is the principle. I have just started using this site but I will not spend anymore money on it. I was playing a puzzle site where the pieces lined up down the side and you tapped the piece you wanted and then put it where you wanted it that was much better. I think I will go and look for that one again"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 1, 14, 20, 23), 'title': 'Love with a couple reservations', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18288505, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks for the feedback!', 'modified': '2020-10-05T22:33:17Z'}, 'userName': 'Stage Goddess', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this app except for two minor irritants, one of which is new. Liked the snap to feature when you add the last pieve but now it minimizes the puzzle when you get to the last piece and then snaps in place upon completion. Really dislike the minimizing! Also I have been trying for months to complete playing for “x” amount of days in a row. I usually get to a the daily puzzle every morning which starts my streak but if I miss a morning and instead play in the evening it starts the streak over. It’s still the same day, can’t figure out how it calculates a day, it is impossible for me to play at the same time every day.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 5, 19, 45, 36), 'title': 'Not happy with latest change', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17809201, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-09-10T17:04:04Z'}, 'userName': 'rcaadm', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Good puzzle application overall although some ads are annoying. However the latest version has a feature that I really dislike. \n\nWhen the puzzle is a piece away from completion I like to pause and look at the picture as a whole. Up till then I concentrate on small segments or specific colors. The time before the last piece goes in place I can appreciate the whole picture before it immediately changes into different size/ configuration from the working size. Sometimes the last piece is hidden within the picture and it is fun to find it.\n\nNow when one gets to the last piece the picture size gets smaller and the last piece is highlighted. For me this takes away from much of the enjoyment of the completion.  I wish there was a way to turn this off.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 22, 1, 53, 22), 'title': 'Your work gone', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15606171, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-932639 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-05-27T17:52:30Z'}, 'userName': 'Ice ager47', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I love the puzzle a day. The thing is when you work on the objectives for the 30 a day and you get over half way, and you are on it every day working on the objectives. Within that day you work on the puzzles but find out your work is gone because of minutes or over a few hours within the day, your puzzle work for the day is gone. I was up to 17-18 puzzle for the assignment of 30 puzzles. I look at it one day and it was gone. So started over again I work on my puzzles in the evenings late at night ..get a few more days in and gone again. I Like to know the time frame within a day before you take away our work, I   would give a higher rating you taking it away.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 4, 1, 59, 24), 'title': 'Lot of varied puzzles, but one issue cropped up', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13882632, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you've had trouble with the Objectives feature. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-893923 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-05T23:19:39Z'}, 'userName': 'Doerrway', 'rating': 3, 'review': "If you like jigsaw puzzles, this app does well in providing a variety of challenging puzzles.  I have enjoyed many hours solving puzzles.  The ability to create your own puzzle from your own photo is a nice touch. It's a bit small for the iPhone, but great for the iPad. \n\nI had recommend it highly. However, the recent “updates” have created havoc with the Objectives.  Both my wife and I were well along on the 80-day challenge (like within 10 days) when the app failed to count one of the puzzles and returned us to zero, even though we have the 55+ completed puzzles in our folder. So, I’ve had to downgrade the app. Hopefully they can fix this in the next update."}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 14, 2, 32, 8), 'title': 'Horrible changes', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12475227, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-12-18T23:09:54Z'}, 'userName': "you don't want to hear this", 'rating': 2, 'review': 'Until last week, I would have rated Jigsaw Puzzle a “5”. This week, my rating is “2”.   My puzzle stopped working and I deleted the app and reinstalled it. That was my big mistake. The new puzzle has narrow borders, so that I can’t arrange puzzle pieces around it. The new shelves are just in the way. iPad screens are too small to see the puzzle and the items on the shelf. All of the puzzles that I have purchased seem to be there, but not in a nice list where I can choose to reopen them. I lost the history of which puzzles I had worked and how many pieces were used for each of the completed puzzles. \nI was daily working the free puzzle and buying a few others too, along with creating custom puzzles from my photos. I will no longer be using this app.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 23, 23, 40, 9), 'title': 'The best with one catch', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Rose_Marie_Holt', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I’d love to find another jigsaw app that’s even close to this one. It’s one of the few that allows 1024 pieces & has a good selection of pictures. It has started to crash in the midst of a puzzle - a known bug - which is irritating - and I’ll be glad when it’s fixed but meanwhile I just work until it crashes. Adds a little suspense & drama. Puzzles that crash can be reloaded (but progress not saved)  & the whole program doesn’t crash, just your puzzle hangs up. Apparently for fewer pieces it’s OK but I like a lot of pieces. It’s got some real brain strainers & some easy stuff - a lot of variety & options. When it’s fixed it gets 5 stars.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 31, 1, 47, 8), 'title': 'Diamonds', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8083661, 'body': "Hi carepurr, \n\nThank you for updating your review and bringing this to our attention. I'm sorry to hear you're having trouble with our app. We would love to help you! First, we need more information. Please Contact Us through this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ so we can learn more to effectively and promptly assist you!", 'modified': '2019-04-05T21:04:17Z'}, 'userName': 'carepurr', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'I love this app, and the puzzles. I don’t like that you need so many diamonds to buy puzzles, but you do not give hardly any puzzles with diamonds. They only give you two diamonds a piece, so you never get new puzzles! I do enjoy getting new puzzles every day! I would like to see more puzzles with diamonds! You do not even have nearly half puzzles offering diamonds to buy more puzzles with. This is why you are not getting a five star review from me.\n\nUPDATE: Same issue with only rarely getting a puzzle wit a diamond. They only give you 2 diamonds. You get plenty of coins to buy puzzles, but no diamond puzzles. Also, no one has responded to my comments on here! P.S. No way to post a review or get help in the messenger game, which is the one I enjoy playing! Also, getting error messages when trying to get puzzles, and after completing puzzles!!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 6, 6, 17, 16, 37), 'title': 'Recent update issues', 'isEdited': False, 'developerResponse': {'id': 3761287, 'body': 'Thank you for updating your review!\n\nOur team always does what we can to help users who reach out to us for assistance, so we are glad that the issues have been fixed for you! Thank you for playing Jigsaw Puzzle and for your 5-star review!', 'modified': '2018-06-07T22:12:52Z'}, 'userName': 'MRMom1966', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Until the most recent update, I would have given this product 5 stars, and probably did at some point in the past.  But, now it is incredibly slow and nearly non-functioning.  If you have puzzles stored from the past, it takes more than 30 seconds to bring up the group of them and even trying to delete older ones is painfully slow.  I’m not sure what they did, but it’s definitely NOT an improvement.\n\nFortunately, the developer has now fixed the issues they introduced and the app now works great again. Thank you!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 29, 6, 4, 19), 'title': 'Good app, but...', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sfeddie', 'rating': 4, 'review': "I've been playing this app for a long time but after the last two updates bad things are happening. 1) In the home page, the puzzles in progress and the free daily puzzle take along time to load after the home page has loaded. 2) The volume indicator icon says hidden when the volume is changed, tho volume function is o.k. 3) After playing for around 10 minutes serious lag time starts occurring. You try and move a puzzle piece and nothing happens for 3 or 4 seconds. Then all of a sudden the piece flies across the puzzle towards where you wanted it to go. I am using an IPad 2 so maybe the OS can't keep up with the new updates"}, {'title': 'The cream of the crop!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '9235S', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 2, 18, 29, 11), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23205968, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-06-04T21:54:18Z'}, 'review': "UPDATED 2 June 2021 \nIf you want a crossword puzzle, you MUST try this one!  I suspect you'll look no further. Fantastic game with a lot of great features. The ability to hide all but the border pieces is very useful, as is the ability to move all the remaining pieces outside of the border with one touch. It has pretty much every feature I can imagine I’d want. \n\nThe changes made several months ago, where multiple trays (up to 4) was eliminated, was a big step backwards, and I passed that to the developer, hoping it would return. Multiple trays allowed me to aggregate related pieces in separate trays, particularly helpful with smaller screens and/or larger puzzles. I now see it has been brought back, and even better! Thanks!!!\n\nThis is the BEST JIGSAW PUZZLE I’ve seen for iOS, without a doubt, and I’ve tried at least a dozen. I’m increasing my rating to 5 stars!\n\nSUGGESTION: might be nice to be able to connect puzzle pieces, when they are in a tray. Right now, it doesn’t seem possible.", 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'I am not buying another puzzle pack. . .', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Michpat1001', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 21, 20, 54, 56), 'review': 'Until you fix the programming error that results in failure to record that I have completed a puzzle.  It’s crazy.  Your program grants me the gold coins.  The puzzle shows completed before I leave the game, then when I open the app again, the puzzle is mo longer showing completed.  In fact it reverts to show that I have a puzzle(s) in progress.  There are two puzzle packs I really want to buy because I really enjoy your puzzles and own a lot of packs, but I have hit the limit of frustration I am willing to tolerate.  My app is up to date.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Recent changes ruined this app', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Coolblu', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 21, 28, 11), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19501433, 'body': "Hello, thanks for taking the time to share your thoughts with us. It really helps our team to improve future updates. I'm sorry to hear that you're not enjoying the latest version of the game. Please don't hesitate to email us at support@mobilityware.com if you have any additional feedback!", 'modified': '2020-12-03T00:36:49Z'}, 'review': 'I used to love this app and complete puzzles almost every day. I don’t spend money in a app unless I really love it, and I did (love it and spend money).....until the last update. I hate the new options bar, it’s seriously inconvenient. But I could handle that if it was the only change. WHY??? did you take away the sorting trays!?! The new tray is completely unusable unless you’re doing a small puzzle. I prefer to do the largest size and there is no way I’m going to try to scroll through that tiny one-piece tray to find the one I need. The least you could have done is allow me to see more than one row of them at a time. I never review apps but this update has ruined one of my favorite apps and has dropped a 5-star review down to 2 stars.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Was great but new changes are awful', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Want2LikeIt', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 12, 43, 25), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19330081, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:22:29Z'}, 'review': 'I have really enjoyed this app throughout the pandemic to fill time. It was a great app until last week when it was updated for no reason I can see. Previously you could have more than one expandable tray to separate the pieces. Now that’s gone and you get one so you have to scroll through ALL the pieces in a single row. If you think you can just arrange the tray pieces in an order to organize them , you’d be wrong. The game just resets the pieces to whatever order it wants when you leave the game. The background colors aren’t saved either so you now have to change it every time you play the puzzle. Same for a settings tab that used to stay hidden, now you have to hide it. Why take features away? Awful update.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'All puzzle packs!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'SA 99', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 5, 22, 52, 27), 'developerResponse': {'id': 14526739, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-07T21:30:35Z'}, 'review': 'It would be very helpful if after finishing a puzzle in a puzzle pack if your "system" allowed you to return directly back to the puzzle pack you are playing.  Instead, after completing a puzzle from a "puzzle pack," you return to home page.  You then have to look for and find the pack you\'re working to complete. That\'s really a pain, and encourages me to quit playing. Also, you need to get rid of the puzzle lines to enjoy the full view of your completed puzzle.  \nYou asked for comments, so.......\n\nAre comments really getting a review?\n\nYou offered 30 holiday puzzles, but you never downloaded the free pack. So much for free holiday puzzle?\nThank you.\n\nYou have improved the puzzle in important ways to allow for a more pleasurable visual experience. The pieces are somewhat  difficult to “To lock into” position than they need to be...\nJust commenting.....\nI have purchased many of your puzzle packs, but find myself using another puzzle program that doesn’t have so many cliches as this program seems to have.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love this puzzle game!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Anagramita', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 17, 4, 50, 7), 'review': 'I don’t usually write reviews, but I had to give a shout-out for this one.  It has several ways to organize your pieces, you can choose how many pieces in your puzzle so you can increase the pieces as your skills increase.  Can choose rotate as an option.  My favorite quality of the game is when the piece fits, it ‘melts’ into its spot.  There are many different types of puzzle packs to choose from, so there is something for everyone.  Most of the packs I buy are something like $1.99 for 25 puzzles.  For me, that’s a bargain for the joy I get from this particular puzzle game.  I’ve tried other puzzle games, but this is the one I like best.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Update - ads removed!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'lalpsl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 6, 4, 46, 35), 'developerResponse': {'id': 5832023, 'body': 'Hello lalpsl,\n\nThank you for your feedback. We have recently been notified by some users, who have purchased the ad-free option, that advertisements are appearing in their game. Our team has been hard at work and this issue should be fixed. Please use the in-game Help & Support page to Contact Us if you are still seeing ads in your game.\n\nAdditionally, while our latest game update added the option to purchase puzzles using Jigsaw Credits, we have not removed your ability to buy puzzles directly with money. You can find the option to purchase with Credits or money by clicking on the puzzle that you are interested in!\n\nThanks for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!', 'modified': '2018-11-06T18:33:45Z'}, 'review': 'When I opened the app today, the upgrade unlocked symbol appeared briefly and the ads have been removed without my having to pay again.  This has been the best puzzle game for years and is again without the ads interfering with gameplay.  I am glad to return this to a 5 star rating!\n\nThe latest version has ads (despite my paying for an ad free version once already).  They are disruptive and make game play terrible.  The once smooth running app is now a buggy mess.  I also preferred buying puzzles directly instead of accumulating or buying points.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Disasterous update', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Kristy15.5', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 23, 19, 36, 42), 'developerResponse': {'id': 7972748, 'body': "Hi there, \n\nThanks for reaching out and for your feedback! We're sorry to hear that you're experiencing hiccups with the game and for any inconveniences that you've encountered. Please Contact Us by opening the in-game Settings and then clicking Support. This will allow our team to gather more information so that we can get things sorted for you as soon as possible! We appreciate your patience and understanding", 'modified': '2019-03-29T18:48:12Z'}, 'review': 'This used to be a MobilityWare product, don’t know if that’s related...it’s worked pretty flawlessly for years. \n\nI made several complaints via the ‘support’ link, ranging from total inability to connect, total loss of function, hangs so severe I had to power on/off reset, and really poor performance...most are now marginally usable but performance is still poor. \n\nIt seems they pushed out a totally untested update, or failed to test on common platforms. After days of complaints, it more or less works but performance still lags. It still has an issue with the ‘preview’ of the puzzle image — you used to be able to slide the whole preview inset to a margin, now at least 1/4 of the completed picture HAS TO remain on the screen, limiting the working area, grrr!\n\nThis game WAS fun and I purchased a number of puzzle packs which I’ve enjoyed...but no longer.  I did restate issues with ‘support’ and thanked them for freeing up my time, I’m really unhappy with this product and lack of testing/usability; they’ve lost my business.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': "Don't do the updates!", 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Margharite', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 15, 13, 13, 34), 'review': "I have been doing a daily puzzle with this app for 2+ years. Yes, everyday...and I have purchased plenty of puzzles from this app. But, with recent updates the advertisements, even on my purchased puzzles, are outrageous!\nI understand needing to address the business side of any endeavour but when it takes nearly 5 minutes of advertising to get to the free daily puzzle or when I select one of my paid puzzles and I still have to muddle through the ads it encourages this very loyal customer to look elsewhere for my puzzle entrainment. \nI've about had it with this company.", 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Absolutely wonderful!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'BLB2013', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 29, 23, 33, 36), 'review': 'Most enjoyable puzzle ever!  Very relaxing and easy to use.  Would truly recommend this puzzle to every age group.  The puzzle selection is awesome.  And of course, you can always take your own photo and turn it into a memorable puzzle.  Gives you the opportunity to proceed at your own pace.  Just love it, love it, love it!\n\nMarch 7, 2015\nThis is absolutely one puzzle game that I would truly recommend for everyone.  You have so many personal controls over how you want to play the game.  Continue to love it, love it, love it!\n\nAugust 24, 2017\nI am still enjoying my puzzle game after all of this time.  Whenever I need to relax I work on my puzzle.  When you need a puzzle which you can start and stop at any time, this is the puzzle.  Too often I begin my puzzle only to find out I need to stop for some reason or another.  It is so easy to pause and go back to later.  I look forward to seeing what new puzzles are available and just love the "free" puzzles offered daily.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'LOVE THIS APP!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Kim Greer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 15, 12, 49, 4), 'review': 'I love puzzle! It’s so enjoyable to me! Especially these last couple months that’s I’ve been confined to the house because of a major surgery I just went through! I do wish there were more FREE puzzles since I can’t afford another bill cuz of my medical bills etc! And, it would be awesome if there was a way to make the free puzzles easier to find for those of us who enjoy the puzzles & can’t afford to spend any more money! Just a suggestion! Keep up the great work & thank you for making an app that’s really enjoying plus it makes you THINK! And in my old age I need to think & I need enjoyment!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love puzzles but don’t have the room for a table?  This app is for you!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'ngfjur', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 5, 6, 16, 34), 'review': 'You can select the number of pieces you want to work with and though I don’t use the $$ given in completion it is very satisfying to complete.  You can upload a new one each day, select the number of pieces and either finish it or save it for another day.  I find that selecting the edge icon and getting the border done first helps.....I tell you this because I foolishly did not review the help icons first.  Have fun at your own pace without the full table when it it time to eat.  \nI love the jigsaw puzzles on the plane or long car rides.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Free Puzzle Offers', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Kjsportink', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 24, 16, 1, 5), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17518311, 'body': "Hello Kjsportink, I'm sorry to learn of your recent troubles with our events. We’d like to learn more details so that we can more accurately assist you! Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then choose the Contact Us option. Also, include your unique ID MW-973926 in the message so we can confirm that we've received it! We look forward to hearing from you soon so we can get this corrected!", 'modified': '2020-08-26T14:43:20Z'}, 'review': 'In the past several weeks, this app offered free puzzles for play. In the beginning, this worked fine. However, this has deteriorated to a 100 percent failure rate. In this most recent contest, a 2-fold offer failed on both accounts:\n 1. Download black jack app, play 5 hands, receive 3 free games. I downloaded, played required hands, waited past the 24 hours required. One week later, still no puzzles. Also in-app contest has not ended, yet ability to play it is gone several days before deadline and no compensation offered for puzzles acknowledged and completed previously. \n2. In most recent previous contest, completed more than enough puzzles in time allotment and game acknowledged I completed required number for free puzzles, yet none received. \nFix these problems or discontinue contests as this amounts to fraud.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great app!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Weyheyinternetgirl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 15, 17, 35, 44), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17405515, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! If you're encountering ads that do not adhere to your sound settings then we would love to dive deeper. Please Contact Us through the in-app Settings » Support » Contact Us with your ID MW-970459 and screenshots of the ads so we can take a look. We hope to hear from you soon!", 'modified': '2020-08-20T19:50:32Z'}, 'review': 'I’ve had the app for a while now, but I’ve never gotten tired of it. There’s so many puzzle packs, many of which are free (the rest are super cheap, and most can be bought with coins earned by completing puzzles). It’s a great way to kill time or even just chill out! Every puzzle is also customizable; you can change how many pieces are in each one, choose if you’d like the pieces to rotate, and you can pull up an image of the completed puzzle at any time.\n\nMy only complaint is that some of the ads have sound and can’t be blocked, so if you like listening to music while doing your puzzles (like I do) this might get pretty annoying.', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Sapphire155', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 5, 22, 16, 23), 'developerResponse': {'id': 15172562, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-05-07T21:40:10Z'}, 'review': 'I enjoy these puzzles but seldom select this game because of the daily and more often interruptions for ads.  These occur with a loud signal that is very annoying.  I have considered stopping this app.\nI am enjoying the puzzles more and like it now with less interruptions for commercials.\nToday I am getting a message that I have no network connection.  I checked and I do but the message continues!almost immediately after my review, I received a communication and my app works beautifully now!\nI play several of these puzzles daily and enjoy them very much.\nI now have almost 3000 bonus points and I suppose they are now worthless.  Why?  I watched countless ads to earn points and just wasted my time!', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Disappointed in changes', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'lindyteep', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 6, 12, 22, 23), 'developerResponse': {'id': 13969027, 'body': "Hi Linda, thanks for sharing your honest feedback about our app. We've added an option in the app's Settings to disable the Trays feature, make sure to scroll down to find it. If you're having issues with any features of the app, or are having trouble locating a particular pack for purchase, please reach out to our Support Team from within the app's Settings. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-03-10T16:51:12Z'}, 'review': 'I love jigsaw puzzles and this is the best app I’ve found. Doing puzzles is relaxing to me, but all the recent changes make the process frustrating For four to five days, the app wasn’t working at all!  I usually rate the app five stars, but am sorry to say I can’t do so currently.\n\n I was saving points to purchase a certain pack and then the pack was removed. This has happened several times.  Prices on some puzzle packs have skyrocketed. And there is no longer an option to use points to purchase puzzles! \n\nI dislike all the ads. I don’t like the addition of the drawers to place puzzle pieces. I don’t use them, but when I try to drag a piece from near the edge, I constantly am triggering the drawers to open and to add additional drawers!. \n\nI’ve invested a lot of money in puzzle packs and won’t be purchasing more until I have used up my points. All the ads and “watch this ad for a chance to win points” make me think your company is in financial trouble. I sure hope this isn’t true!\n\nYou have a great product and it is my favorite app—so I wish you success. \n\nLinda', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love it!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Docmepp', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 10, 31, 18, 10, 6), 'review': "Great app! Wide variety of puzzles in great colors and detail across many different topic choices. I love doing the puzzle of the day. It gives the opportunity to do puzzles from packs I don't already have and then check out the pack it's from if I really liked the puzzle. Pack prices are good and the sales make them even better! I like to do my puzzles with 289 or 325 pieces usually. They take me around 45-65 minutes to do. Just the right amount of time for me, but I always have the option of fewer pieces if I want to do a puzzle quicker. Plus there are no pieces lying around or lost, and no boxes to store!", 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great, but...could use changes', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Unicornz4life🦄', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 9, 14, 35, 13), 'review': "I love this app, it is so stress relieving and calming. I play it all the time. Sometimes, if I CANNOT sleep, I will play this. It brings all my thoughts out of my mind so I can have a nice night of sleep. But here’s why I took one star from you. YOU HAVE TO PAY SOOO MANY COINS TO DO ONE PUZZLE. I don’t want to have to do puzzle after puzzle after puzzle, if I barely get any coins. What am I supposed to do when I have done all the free puzzles, and still don’t have enough coins. I know you can just go back and do them, but it's not fun when you already know where ALL the pieces go. I think you should lower the price for the puzzles, other than that,  I love this game.", 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Sunlower9', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 11, 15, 16, 52), 'review': 'I love this site!    I do a puzzle every morning while I drink my coffee.   No cardboard "crumbs" as with a real puzzle.   I only use 36 pieces - which allows me to do a puzzle in a short amount of time.   Have purchased some puzzles but have several free downloads.  (Thanks!)\nLove this app!     Have it on my phone and iPad.    A great guilty pleasure.   I tell myself that I am exercising my. mental muscle. Wish real exercise for correct and thighs was this much fun.\n\nQuestion - I can tell which puzzles I have done because the number of pieces and a check mark appear on the puzzle picture.   Why do some puzzles download as new puzzles with a higher piece count already checked?', 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Downgrade latest version 2015', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'jrs1940', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 8, 15, 58, 58), 'developerResponse': {'id': 23379159, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-06-14T20:01:22Z'}, 'review': 'I’ve downgraded your latest version and your overall handling of promises made but not kept. When I purchased jigsaw puzzle coins were not available…. I had to buy each puzzle I wanted. Then you started offering coins for completing puzzles, which was acceptable; I used used both coins and credit card to buy puzzles. Then, recently, you you had a sale: many puzzles were as low as $1.99, but the equivalent coins required for the same puzzle amounted to as much as six-thousand coins plus! Seems like your association with Disney equates to greed.\nIn your latest version you introduced a bar at the bottom of the screen which is superfluous, and, above distracting.', 'isEdited': False}, {'review': 'I’ve used this app for years but after the recent update the app stopped working so I had to delete it and download it again.  \n\nI’ve purchased a number of puzzle packs in this app but when I was forced to re-download the app to get it to work all these purchased puzzles were lost although my accumulated points remained. However I was able to restore all 127 puzzle pack purchases. Yay!\n\nNo idea why the developers updated the app to make worse but it looks like all the problems have finally been fixed and the app is working as it should.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 26, 23, 41, 38), 'userName': 'janjga', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Back to great again'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19835615, 'body': "HI there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-17T17:05:47Z'}, 'review': 'This was the best puzzle app out there. With easy navigation and ability to toggle between seeing the puzzle picture or not, compete with hundreds of puzzle packs to find exactly what you like. \n\nBut they now changed it and it saddens me. I puzzled daily and I bought many packs. I have sent messages to the help team twice and reached out on Facebook. I’m desperate lol. Please, keep updated colors/fonts/whatever if the style change is important but please give us back the tool bar at the bottom and the multi tray function. That was such a great tool to sort pieces on one trip around the board. I’m a 400-piece puzzler, I need the trays, I need the preview.  please I just wanna feel that rush again 🙏🏻🥵', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 14, 4, 5), 'userName': 'Kaylareneee', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Low key ruined my life'}, {'review': 'This last 2 updates have been horrendous. The puzzle keeps rotating whereas it never had before. Also the puzzles I paid cash for as well as those from puzzle credits have disappeared. Even after reinstalling the game & doing a restart on my phone twice yesterday and twice when the previous update was done the game crashes have been so bad I give up playing till the next day. But this last update caused the most disappointment by those crashes as well as the disappearance of all my puzzles.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 26, 0, 55, 40), 'userName': 'AJturtle', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I loved it but your last two updates ruined a good game'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14666280, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! Please Contact our Support Team from within the app's Settings for help with accessing your purchases. Additionally, we've listened to player feedback and have added the option to hide the trays feature. Please open the in-game Settings and scroll to the very bottom to locate this option. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-14T18:35:25Z'}, 'review': 'Four years ago when I found this puzzle app I was so addicted to it and played it in between my clients it was a great past time.\n I must’ve spent over $20 buying the puzzle kits and enjoying over 300 of them.\n    One day I deleted it to save room on my phone and a year later when I went to play it again I had lost everything on my puzzle and the money that I put into it but what is even more disappointing or I should say frustrating is they added this stupid train bar area on the car that takes up a lot of room and I hate it absolutely hated and there’s no way to take it out !!! ☹️😡😡\n     I will never again spend any money on this game I will just occasionally do the free ones but even at that it’s really discouraging with the stupid tray bar that they added.    😤', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 2, 14, 56), 'userName': 'cksponge', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not happy with the new change'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13402856, 'body': "Thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. If a pack that you'd like isn't available for credits, please check back later. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!", 'modified': '2020-02-10T16:32:05Z'}, 'review': 'I used to love the Jigsaw Puzzle app. I play multiple times per day. However the last couple of updates have ruined the app and experience. If you are going to change the coin redemption for puzzle packs, why not let us know so we can use our coins? After the last update, almost all packs are for $ and not coins, and the ones that you can buy with coins are like 5 K coins! A heads up would have been so customer friendly! I get you need to make money but if you were to keep us informed instead of just changing things I’m sure people would be more willing to buy puzzles! Especially if you cut down the ads! Went from 25 coins to watch an ad to 5 or 10. Think I’m going to check out the other puzzle apps.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 7, 20, 42, 32), 'userName': 'Heelsgirl61', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Updates are ruining the app'}, {'review': 'I chose to pay to avoid ads that make me very annoyed. Well worth the small investment. After all, working the puzzles is to relieve stress, not add to it, and I have enjoyed every puzzle. Very nice app.\nUpdate: I love the new white light whenever a piece fits. I also appreciate the puzzle remembering the size I like to work and the single tap to rotate function. Nice improvements!\n\nThis latest update has given me problems. It doesn’t save my puzzle with the game pause, and it doesn’t always tell me when I’ve finished a puzzle (no check mark). I have not yet received a response from the makers about these issues. Disappointing in an otherwise great app.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 12, 21, 22, 22), 'userName': 'Katique29', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Fun to play'}, {'review': 'This was the best puzzle app out there until the updates a month or so ago. The good news is most of the problems were fixed. The bad news is I don’t get to play the daily puzzle every time. It loads in on the home screen, but when I click on the play button, the table shows up empty. There’s no pieces on the board and the buttons at the bottom of the screen don’t work. With everything froze up, all I can do is swipe it off my iPad to close and reopen the app. After the 4th to 6th try I give up. This is supposed be relaxing but it’s aggravating. Would have given 5 stars if not for this.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 1, 11, 47, 6), 'userName': 'pogo82560', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Slightly disappointed'}, {'review': 'As a puzzle fan for my entire life, I highly recommend this site. It\'s the best on the web and never gets boring.  They offer many new and interesting puzzles often.  I love the "word/letter puzzles" they offer. Great  being design here.👊👊👊\nI’ve been doing these puzzles for almost 5 yrs now. I miss the “word” puzzles that they used to put in and would like to know how after downloading a group of puzzles I can archive them when I don’t like a couple of them. I had 30 puzzles and really loved them all but 2 but I couldn’t archive them until I had completed them all.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 25, 19, 26, 14), 'userName': 'Ditchthegame', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'The best on the web'}, {'review': 'I have loved this game for years. However, the most recent updates took it two steps backward!  I don’t know what they were trying to do with the update, but there are several issues that are very frustrating: 1) the MOST frustrating thing is that it is not always saving my completed puzzles!  This continues to happen despite notifying support about it; and 2) the need to reset the locked board is annoying. I can do it and am glad I finally figured out it could be done - but this used to be a setting that you made once and it stayed that way. I find myself not wanting to solve puzzles if it’s not going to save my progress. Disappointing, for sure!', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 30, 23, 32, 51), 'userName': 'Saardie', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Latest update is not good!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 5962525, 'body': "Hi Jez100,\n\nThank you so much for your glowing review of Jigsaw Puzzle! It's great to hear that you enjoy playing our app so much. Also, thank you for your suggestion about adding a way to compile your custom puzzles into a puzzle pack. We are always open to new suggestions that will help us to improve the game so we appreciate your review!", 'modified': '2018-11-15T20:27:53Z'}, 'review': 'I have always loved jigsaw puzzles since I was a kid. I still like to do regular jigsaws on my table but sometimes its inconvenient especially when the cat wants to “help”. This app has been wonderful...no more lost pieces and there is such a wide variety of subjects and pictures. I also really like to make my own puzzles. Finding things to take pictures of with a puzzle in mind is fun.\nOne thing I wish they would add would be a place to store your puzzles just like the puzzle packs then it would be perfect!\nApp developers, please add this feature and then I would give you 6 stars (if I could)!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 11, 19, 31, 38), 'userName': 'Jez100', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love it!!'}, {'review': "I like the fact that you don't have to purchase anything more, even though the upgrade is very useful and not expensive.  Every day is a new free puzzle and you don't have to finish it to save another one. So far I have had three puzzles going at one time. So you don't miss out on a free puzzle! All of your finished puzzles are saved, so you can go back and see all that you have finished. \n  The biggest advantage is the fact that you can pick the size of pieces all the way up to over 1,000. So just as challenging as real puzzles. The puzzles are beautiful and varied. Very addicting.", 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 28, 19, 29, 53), 'userName': 'Kathleen6547', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love this app'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14446987, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm glad to hear that you had a positive experience reporting an ad issue to our Support Team and that you're back to enjoying the app! If you have any further questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-03T22:01:59Z'}, 'review': 'This app has a lot of potential. It plays well and the cost of buying puzzles is fair. Not being able to get rid of the ads makes it very frustrating. The ads take up 15% - 20% of the screen real estate and is very distracting. Need to have an ability to purchase a non ad version. Would easily be a 5 star app then.\n\nUPDATE:\tWorked with the developer to address an issue that didn’t allow for ad removal. Developer was very quick to respond and the issue has been resolved. The app is now easily the 5 start it should have been.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 31, 1, 5, 8), 'userName': 'ZGALINEC', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good app but ads are frustrating.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23549617, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-41848 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-06-23T17:08:48Z'}, 'review': 'This app will slowdown and crash. The puzzles are fine with controls that allow difficulty selection and background selection. The puzzle options that can be purchased with awarded coins are the least desirable puzzles — pretty transparent that they are trying to force a money purchase. The background selection used to have a toggle but now you have to scroll trough all the options to choose a background— poor change. I purchased the add free version, after a while the game stopped awarding coins after completing a puzzle. It wanted to give me an add so it just scrolled repeatedly, leaving no option other than to close the app. My purchase has been rendered useless— I’m either required to allow adds or forgo a coin reward. Attempts to contact customer service went unanswered.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 20, 14, 42, 40), 'userName': 'Mr Water Polo', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Clunky and glitchy'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19329173, 'body': "Thanks for reaching out! We're aware of an issue causing the game to crash for a small segment of players. We apologize for any inconvenience this has caused, and our team is working on a solution as quickly as possible! Please visit this link for our updates about this issue: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/?s=known-issues", 'modified': '2020-11-24T20:53:24Z'}, 'review': 'Following earlier review and 1 star rating based on the recent update and app crashing, I am changing this to a 3.  The team responded to my customer service note and fixed both the crashing and the blocked table.  The game is again fully functional.\n\nThe 3 is based the app is not as enjoyable as it used to be. There have been some useful enhancements, but there is also a lot of gimmickry that you have to click through to get to your game. I understand the ads, but wish it were possible to opt out of some of the other distractions.   Still, this is one of my favorite apps for relaxation, and I am very pleased to have it back up and running!', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 28, 2, 22, 31), 'userName': 'MLKx', 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Good response from customer service/dev team'}, {'review': 'I really enjoy this puzzle app. I like the variety of puzzles and all the features. The adverts aren’t so bad and if you are playing for a while you only see the app once before each puzzle. \n\nMy only really critique would be when I’m trying to move the board and I end up dragging pieces. Maybe have an option to move board with two fingers. \n\nBut other than that it’s great. The pictures are pretty and vibrant. You can change the background if the color of the puzzle blends in too much with the board. You can organize your pieces into trays. There is a new free puzzle every day. Even if I’m not going to spend time playing I will sign on and see if the free puzzle is one I’d like. \n\nI really like the options of the puzzle sizes. I like the ease of moving the puzzles and rotating pieces. The edge feature is nice when there is that one piece you can’t find. It’s great. And if you do want to buy a package of puzzles they aren’t that expensive. Five stars!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 17, 8, 16, 22), 'userName': 'Redheaven17', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Best Puzzle App'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13969510, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Our "The Long Haul" objective requires you to complete at least one puzzle (64 pieces or larger) per day for up to 80 days in a row. It is counting consecutive days, rather than consecutive completed puzzles. If you\'re having trouble with this objective, please contact our Support Team within the app\'s Settings. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-03-10T17:23:18Z'}, 'review': 'Does not count completed puzzles towards Objectives. I’ve completed 4 puzzles today within the criteria and the count towards 80 in a row has not changed from yesterday!  They show up in my completed puzzles but unless the consecutive count increments, the last 72 days has been all for naught!  The latest update has broken this app!\n\nAmended Review:\nI’m on day 79/80 and have completed SIX puzzles today but NONE of them have registered! 😡 I purposely set out 80 days ago to complete the 80 day objective and have done so but your app is not counting it!  This is extremely frustrating!  While I do enjoy solving the puzzles, I do not want to spend all day solving multiple puzzles just trying to get credit for one, which happens to be the LAST puzzle needed to complete the objective that you created!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 14, 23, 26, 12), 'userName': 'Old@47', 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Does not count completed puzzles'}, {'review': 'I tried a few puzzle apps at first and liked this one best. I’m  enjoying this puzzle app but am starting to be concerned that I will run out of puzzle packs. I’m picky about the style of puzzles I like and unless they add a bunch of new ones soon I will likely run out after only about 4 months of playing.  Also it would be nice if you could pick a portion of puzzles from within a pack. Sometimes I see 3 -5 puzzles I would like to do within a pack of say 30. It would be nice to have an option for $.99 to pick 5 or 6 rather than buy the entire package because I won’t do that just to play a few.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 14, 19, 11, 59), 'userName': 'CleverTx', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good apps - need to add more options'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19677867, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-12-10T17:02:35Z'}, 'review': 'This used to be a five star rated app. The recent debacle with their update was handled poorly. I finally figured out that if I turned off my vpn, I could update and make the needed restoration. \n\nNow I call to the developers attention, that out of hundreds of puzzles, only 15 can be purchased with points. Previously all but a few select puzzle packages could be purchased with points. Also, for previous years a holiday puzzle pack was given free on December 1st with a puzzle a day until Christmas. This year it was not gifted. \n\nIf you would add a much larger number of puzzles to be purchased with points, and if you restored your annual holiday puzzle pack gift, I could give this app a better review.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 5, 15, 49, 11), 'userName': 'discriminating gamer', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Discriminating gamer'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18762922, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1002030 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-10-28T18:09:48Z'}, 'review': 'I play this every day.  However, two things have come up lately which are making me think of dumping it.  The first is that they started being really annoying with pop up puzzle ads.  Second, a few times lately, I have chosen a puzzle from one of my packs and clicked on it, but instead of my puzzle the puzzle of the day popped up on my screen.  Today I accidentally clicked on it and now it is marked as a puzzle in progress which I can’t get rid of.  Why should I have to waste my time playing a puzzle I don’t like and would never choose?  A couple of months ago I would have given this 5 stars, but I am starting to really get annoyed with it.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 25, 1, 37, 14), 'userName': 'Mary Dancer', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I used to love this game'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18669545, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're continuing to have issues with that objective. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1000137 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-10-23T17:37:51Z'}, 'review': 'I enjoy this game foe the most part. However scoring, especially “the long haul” is not totally accurate on my iPad. Often I don’t get credit. I switched from 100 piece puzzles to 64 for the 64+ category which helped. Sometimes the program ends when I start and I have to watch a second set of ads again. But over all a nice game\n\nI lowered my rating because each time I get close to the “long haul” scoring of 80 puzzles with 64+ pieces in a row, it stops giving me credit and I have to start over. I currently have 130 puzzles completed in a row listed on my game board, but am now having to start my 80 puzzles again for the third time. Very frustrating. This happens on my iPad and my iPhone.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 20, 21, 46, 27), 'userName': 'Msuechaps', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Nice game'}, {'userName': 'ngac18', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Well this is the best app ever I love making puzzles and playing and controlling how many pieces you have and I also love how you respond to a lot of people unlike most apps thank you I just got the new update :) so I’m gonna play it tomorrow thank you so much please do not make the update bad like most apps this app is rlly special but there’s one thing that’s been around for a while can you adjust the picture in custom picture I would rlly like to adjust it sometimes it doesn’t look right so I have to screenshot it again to make it bigger or smaller', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15733163, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with that feature. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-936417 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-06-02T18:29:05Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 30, 13, 10, 39), 'title': 'I love it but can you fix this', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'FitLikeAPIECE', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I used to have this site a while back, but my iPad messed up and I lost everything.  when I eventually got it all back I could not recover everything. when I finally got it fixed I could not find this site and it was then when I realized how bad I missed all my puzzles. I tried for quite a while to find this site, but could not. I had so many puzzles saved, with as many done.  I tried for a while to find this site to no avail.....UNTIL just today when I finally came across your yellow & green puzzle emblem. I am now happy once again....LOVE YOUR PUZZLES!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 1, 6, 1, 40), 'title': 'LoveYourPuzzles', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'carona21000', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'My mother and I love puzzles, but live on opposite sides of the country. We both use this app and I would LOVE to see a few features added someday... if the developers are so inclined.\nFirst, cooperative play would be nice. It would be amazing to open a puzzle and work on it with my mom in real time! That may be wishful thinking, but a girl can dream while she’s doing virtual puzzles!\nSecond, a much more manageable request, I’d like to be able to “friend” other players to share achievements. A la: “Mom, look what I did!”\nThirdly, I’d like to be able to tag/like/favorite puzzle packs for later purchase. Make a wishlist of sorts. I know the packs rotate by season, but it would be nice to at least save subjects or preferences.\nLastly, gifting should definitely be a thing! If I want to purchase a puzzle pack for my mom and have it surprise waiting for her next time she opens her app, you should let me do it! You’d get lots more of my money!!\nThanks for a fun app, keep up the good work!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 31, 18, 36, 15), 'title': 'Feeding my puzzle addiction', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'meggersbeme', 'rating': 3, 'review': "I keep my volume down at all times and the ads in this app turn it up all the way. It's very jarring and makes me jump because it's so loud, and sometimes I'm doing a puzzle in bed next to my sleeping partner and it wakes him up. I know it's the app because I had to turn down the volume multiple times while going from one puzzle to the next, and I never even exited the app or turned my volume back on. I never gave it permission to adjust my volume. Also the objectives are annoying and completely pointless. You don't get anything for completing them. Also, I shouldn't be forced to watch an ad if the app crashes and I go back to the puzzle I was working on.", 'developerResponse': {'id': 13567640, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! If you're encountering ads that do not adhere to your sound settings then we would love to dive deeper. Please Contact Us through the in-app Settings - Support - Contact Us with your ID MW-884071 and screenshots of the ads so we can take a look. We hope to hear from you soon!", 'modified': '2020-02-18T20:52:39Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 14, 10, 17, 34), 'title': 'Ads turn on my volume', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'JJSchmidty', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve had this app for years & love it. SO well-designed, and the 400 piece option is great for a challenge (and without having to worry about my cats destroying it while in progress, as happens with actual jigsaw puzzles!).  Always a free daily puzzle, several free puzzle “packages,” and the option to use earned points/coins to “purchase” packages in addition to actually buying them. I also like that you can use your own photos to generate custom puzzles. My 78-year-old father plays this app on his desktop computer and really enjoys it, as well. Highly recommended!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 9, 17, 44, 52), 'title': 'Best app for relaxing!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'xcultural', 'rating': 4, 'review': "What had a 5 star rating, as it stands, should have no more than 3 stars, or less. Latest upgrade seems like a downgrade. As soon as I had earned enough points to get a set of puzzles without actual purchase, Jigsaw Puzzle seems to shut down every 3 to 5 minutes. It's becoming an annoyance more than amusement.\n\nI love the fact that you get to customize any given puzzle to be as fast or complex as you wish, depending on how much leisure time you have to work with. An interesting and beautiful array of options too. And you need not worry about old puzzles being stored, or tumbling down on you from your closet's top shelf.", 'developerResponse': {'id': 8499299, 'body': "Hello xcultural! Thank you for reaching out to us! I am sorry to hear that you have been having trouble with the game shutting down on you. In order to efficiently assist you, please send us a message from the app so we can look into some technical/background information. Please open up Game Settings, Help & Support, then Contact Us with a description of the issue you're encountering and reference #512543 so we know your inquiry is related to this review. We look forward to assisting you in resolving this!", 'modified': '2019-05-03T18:05:41Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 29, 0, 25, 39), 'title': 'Wonderful array of puzzles', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'HorseMark', 'rating': 4, 'review': "Every morning I put the puzzle of the day together with a cup of coffee.  I love the variety of puzzle packs, and the fact I can use it when the power is out is a bonus! Thanks for the improvements too!\n\nUpdate- The recent improvements of scattering the pieces is nice.  Not sure if I would ever use the new hint feature, but it's good to know it is there.\n\nThe full screen for the puzzle setting isn't holding since the recent update in December. Very frustrating to have the screen move when trying to place pieces. Anyone else having this problem? If so, I hope the developers will fix soon.  Thanks!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 16, 12, 5, 9), 'title': 'Love this app, but needs one fix.', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'fwitzie', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'What happened to this game? It’s always been my favorite puzzle game but as of late there’s endless ads & no volume to shut the sound off wth??now there’s a ad between every screen You guys really ruined it! Also why on my iPad can I spin the pieces like usual to find the fit, but on my iPhone you can’t all the pieces are already right side up. Making it easier actually? Why?  Also I wish I could purchase any puzzle with coins not only $$. But all the pictures are so beautiful that’s why I keep coming back! Yes best puzzle game ever !,', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16910232, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry to hear that you're continuing to see these issues in the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-961438 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-07-27T21:56:56Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 25, 19, 5, 23), 'title': 'Too many ads & no volume shut off!!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Sting7321', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'Pretty good app with lots of puzzles with all levels of difficulty but the ads are ridiculous. 30 second ads for each puzzle tend to be the norm AND ads continuously appear at the bottom if the screen while you ate doing puzzles. The last straw for me that led me to delete the app was when the audio would play for an ad that I didn’t click on and had no desire or intent to hear. Unbelievably annoying when I was working on a puzzle as my better half slept. If I paused the game, sometimes I would have to waste another 30 seconds as an ad played when I restarted. So 5 stars for the puzzles and game play and 0 stars for the unbelievable number, length, and annoyance of ads.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 18433958, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! If you're encountering ads that do not adhere to your sound settings then we would love to dive deeper. Please Contact Us through the in-app Settings » Support » Contact Us with your ID MW-994465 and screenshots of the ads so we can take a look. We hope to hear from you soon!", 'modified': '2020-10-12T18:06:38Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 8, 4, 11, 46), 'title': 'Puzzling', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Spin House', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I have enjoyed this game overall.  Very few advertisements and a reasonable selection of free puzzles. The game is well designed and the graphics and gameplay are good. Two annoyances: the game is frequently buggy at startup, freezing and needing to be restarted. Also, you earn coins for completed puzzles that can (theoretically) be used to earn more puzzle packs, however there are almost no packs available anymore that can be purchased with coins. It takes long enough to earn enough coins for a pack that there ought to be far greater availability. Bring back using coins for more packs!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17540864, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Credits! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a large selection of packs available for Credits. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-08-27T14:17:48Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 24, 1, 42, 58), 'title': 'Good game overall but a few annoyances', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Katdid', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'Please fix your app.  I am weary of trying to play a puzzle and having the ad freeze or have no way to X out.  Sometimes, I can exit the app, retry it, and play. However, frequently I only get the same problem over and over again.  I’d give you four stars for your actual game, but only one for the issues with the ads.\n\nAfter I typed this, I received a response that said the above wouldn’t happen if I updated the app.  Since that time, and throughout several updates, I continue to have the same problems:  the app freezes instead of loading a puzzle, there’s no way to X out of an ad, the rewards system freezes so no points are awarded (this last one is minor, but still, it’d be nice to get the rewards).  Maybe it’s time to just find a better jigsaw puzzle app.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16938778, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-961895 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-07-28T22:33:50Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 27, 6, 14, 35), 'title': 'Please fix your app', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Nanny Mo 44', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This puzzle app is wonderful. I regularly play on my iPad, which allows for many more pieces than when I play on my phone. I like earning coins to “purchase” puzzle packs, but have spent my own money a couple of times to buy packs, because I like them so much. My favorites are the Americana scenes, of which I have one comment/question: African Americans are seldom represented in these puzzles, so I am wondering if most of your users are Caucasian folks, or if you even know the makeup of your clientele, or if this is all that is available? Just wondering... might be interesting to know. Thanks!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 14, 13, 26, 29), 'title': 'Best Way to Unwind', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'KellyG629', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I love this app! Only one criticism - it gives you messages about how many days in a row you’ve played on a progress slider. BUT it doesn’t always register when I’ve done a puzzle, so you start over at 0 the next day. I’ve even played a second puzzle when I see that I’m not getting the progress message - and I still start over at 0. Very frustrating!! I’ve played almost every single day since I downloaded the game, but I don’t think I’ve registered more than 10 days in a row before I start back at 0. It’s embarrassing to be caught yelling at your phone, “I did too play yesterday!!!” If not for this issue,I’d rate it 5 ⭐️.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 15, 1, 42, 21), 'title': 'Love it!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'wsf18', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I have spent many hours enjoying this game.  Especially like that you can use your own picture to create a puzzle - fantastic!.\n\nI’ve got one suggestion to improve the game.  It would be nice if loose pieces could be moved together as a group.  Many times when searching for similar colors or featured pieces, you create a pile of those ones and must move them across the puzzle board to the area they will fit.  Currently, you must move that pile one piece at a time to the area you want them.  The ability to move a group of loose ones would be awesome.\n\nAgain, GREAT APP!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 21, 1, 11, 36), 'title': 'Great App!!!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': '2so', 'rating': 3, 'review': 'I used to really love this puzzle and the 80 day challenge was a neat challenge until it stopped working properly. I had worked it up to over 50% complete then it stopped adding my completed puzzles to the total. I’ve done a 256 piece puzzle every day for the challenge. Then it dropped my percentage down in the pop up box that appears right after the puzzle is completed. The “Long Haul” 80 day under the “Objective” window shows 80% completed and it doesn’t change. The pop up started adding incorrect % points again and the today that had dropped back down to 2%. By my puzzle count as of today I should have well over 90% complete.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13185732, 'body': 'Thanks for reporting this, 2so! Our team was recently made aware of an issue with this objective that is affecting some users. We truly apologize for the inconvenience while our team is hard at work to get it corrected for you! Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us if you have any additional questions or concerns!', 'modified': '2020-01-29T17:39:04Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 29, 5, 40, 48), 'title': 'Down Grade From 5 Stars to 3 Stars', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'question box', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I’m having a problem when starting a new puzzle. Puzzle pieces come in scattered on a black or white screen that only has a two border line, not the complete four line square. I am unable to change the background or move the partial outline around. I have to shut my iPad down overnight. Selected puzzle then comes up on screen in the normal foremat. This problem is recent.\n\nStill having this same problem!! Also have a purchased puzzle pack that has several completed puzzles on it, that will not allow me to select it anymore to continue using individual puzzles that are on it.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 11561214, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having some trouble with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-825295 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-10-30T18:11:06Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 30, 6, 0, 50), 'title': 'Starting new puzzle', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': "Pam'46", 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I have loved jigsaw puzzles all my life and with this app I have a choice of hundreds of puzzles without having to clear off my table. I’ve had this app for at least a couple of years and I have tried many other puzzle apps, but this is the best as it mimics the way I would do an actual puzzle. I keep thinking I have bought enough of their puzzle packs, until they come out with a new one that I can’t resist. Their constant add for sales can be annoying, but then if one of the ones I want is on sale, it doesn’t seem so bad. I am certainly never bored!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 14, 54, 37), 'title': 'I’m addicted!', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'LV2BNSD', 'rating': 1, 'review': 'It used to be almost perfect. Then “they”, whoever does the changes, made it so if I don’t finish a puzzle before closing the game, all my work is undone & the puzzle must be started again from scratch. If I do finish it in one sitting, I get credit in stars & a label appears in the puzzle group to show I have completed the puzzle. Now if I go back later, all credit has been removed & all puzzles in that group appear to have never even been started. I have asked for this to be corrected but they just play me along, saying it will be fixed, but days or weeks later it is still malfunctioning. It has done this with free puzzles but it is also doing the same with puzzles I have paid money for also. If you decide to get this game, I advise you to wait a year before spending any money on it.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 8278493, 'body': 'Thank you for reaching out, and I am very sorry to hear you are having issues with lost progress. Our Support team would like to collect more information on you and assist you in resolving this issue. Please reach out to Support via Game Settings - Help & Support - Contact Us and reference #486269 as this will tell us your inquiry is related to this review. We look forward to acquiring more information to help you resolve this. Thank you for playing Mobilityware!', 'modified': '2019-04-18T17:57:36Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 14, 10, 28, 25), 'title': 'Game changer', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'KaeKal', 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I have truly enjoyed the app and spent many relaxing hours doing great puzzles.  Up until a recent update, I could by a puzzle pack and do just a few puzzles and then buy another.  Now purchases are linked to credits, earned by completing puzzles.  Yes, you can buy credits, but seriously! What a pain.  Let me buy a pack when I want.  It shouldn’t matter if I do one or all puzzles in a pack to earn credits to buy.  Also, there is no place to hide/put your played/completed packs.  I’m going to look at other puzzle apps now.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 6046918, 'body': "Hello KaeKal,\n\nThank you for your feedback. In our latest game update, we provide users with the option of purchasing puzzles in a number of different ways. While you can purchase them using the new Jigsaw Credits, we have not removed the option to pay for puzzles using money as you did before. Please open the game Settings, select Help & Support and then Contact Us if you'd like further assistance or if you have any other questions about the app! Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2018-11-21T19:38:54Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 17, 17, 33, 20), 'title': 'Great app until the credits to purchase change', 'isEdited': False}, {'userName': 'Mimzc', 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I\'m totally hooked on these puzzles!  Great variety and not too expensive.  Highly recommend this app.\n\nUpdate.  Still not bored with these puzzles.  Always do the free one each day.  Still obsessed.\n\nUpdate two.  I am finding that my puzzles are taking up way too much of my storage and making my iPad run slowly.  I have archived purchased puzzles not being used which freed up storage.  Now I notice that there are WAY too many "Recommended Puzzle Packs" and I need to know if because they are visible, they are using storage.  If so, I will have to quit this App.  Can you tell me if there is some way to remove the "Recommended Puzzles"?', 'developerResponse': {'id': 5948484, 'body': 'Hello Mimzc,\n\nThank you for playing Jigsaw Puzzle! The "Recommended Puzzles" section of the main menu does not take up any storage space, because those puzzles are not yet downloaded. Please see this link https://bit.ly/2DD9ei7 for our FAQ about deleting puzzles. This may give you some new ideas about how to free up some extra space on your device. Additionally, our team can be reached through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any further questions or concerns!', 'modified': '2018-11-15T00:06:42Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 10, 3, 2, 13), 'title': 'Love this app.', 'isEdited': False}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 28, 15, 8, 3), 'review': 'There are enough free puzzles to keep you occupied forever, but for a small amount you can remove adds, make your own puzzles and get more to keep you busy. At Xmas they had you ‘open’ presents with a puzzle inside for each day like a puzzle advent calendar which was fun. I like choosing how many pieces I want each to be as well as if I want them to rotate to add difficulty.  If I’m stressed I open up my free puzzle of the day or another free puzzle I’m working on to relax. I’m going to buy the expansion pack just to get some of the beautiful puzzles they have available. Definitely a great app.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'MsShennon', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Good value'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 2, 0, 58, 5), 'review': "Love the flexibility this app gives you... if you don't feel like messing with the pieces rotated, it allows you. If you want to scatter all the pieces to the outer edges of the board while you put together the border, it allows you. \n\nI also love that it will play your music, and will allow you to hide the menu bar for the app if you want just the board and puzzle visible. It's so cool how it allows you to select the number of pieces. Personally, I'm glad it doesn't go too high! Relaxation shouldn't be work! This is truly fun and helps me to unwind at the end of the day. It's just plain fun! 😜", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SUP_LOVIN', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Most relaxing app ever!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13471745, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're glad to hear that you're happy with the new option in the Settings menu. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-13T17:31:13Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 17, 39, 48), 'review': "I really like this app.  I started out with smaller amounts of puzzle pieces but now I do just 100 pieces.  I like doing them straight & then turned.  Lots of fun and free puzzles. Sometimes though, I wish it would do more pieces than 100.  I'm so happy that I can now do puzzles up to 400 pieces on my iPhone. 😊😊😊\n\nI am VERY HAPPY with this app.  I was frustrated with a recent upgrade that included “trays” but they weren’t optional.  Today the app was updated to include the “trays” bring optional.   I do puzzles everyday.  There are so many fun & interesting puzzles.  If you like doing jigsaw puzzles this is an app you will enjoy", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Dollymom', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Lots of FUN'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21763678, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2021-03-19T23:24:23Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 18, 17, 13, 50), 'review': 'New regime has fancied things up, but hasn’t really made the app better. Getting expensive. VERY tired of completing puzzles, only to find that the completion failed to register. Actually am about to start looking for a new jigsaw puzzle app. I had loved this one for years....\nUPDATE: aaarrgh. Latest changes are deal breakers. Pieces down the side? That completely changes the experience for the worse. Finally, after putting up with new management’s silly changes (trays, dashboard) and lots of little glitches, it has reached the point that this app is no longer pleasing to play. In fact, it is no longer recognizable as the app I have enjoyed for nearly a decade.\nI had been wondering how this developer was going to get on board with the new(er)money grubbing apple rules....I’m sad. It’s like losing an old friend....', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Broad68', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Close to Perfect!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21174089, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-02-20T00:21:39Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 17, 17, 26, 17), 'review': 'They don’t push ads at you constantly, so the site is actually very relaxing. If you have outgrown the flashy, noisy, smash and kill sites this is wonderfully peaceful and quiet.\nHowever, I may have to give up my favorite puzzle app because of the latest “upgrade”. The puzzle pieces now appear in the middle of the puzzle and they all have to be moved out before I can start working the puzzle. I have tried using the puzzle tray so this doesn’t happen, but the background is so dark many of the puzzle pieces are almost impossible to find. \nCould you PLEASE make the tray background a nice neutral tan so this can go back to being my favorite app instead of a frustration?', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'quiet and soft', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I really like this site'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18622477, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding that feature. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-10-21T16:19:03Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 18, 14, 28, 48), 'review': 'I’ve been doing these jigsaw puzzle for almost seven years and do the daily one every day. That said recently they changed the formatting and have the last piece suddenly goes small and lights up. The whole puzzle pulls away. I am that fan who likes to challenge myself time wise. It’s my thing to help wake up my brain in the morning. I’m also a senior who this new feature makes it more difficult. I can get used to it taking me a bit more, but I don’t want to. I don’t want to be startled like that and then it gets so much smaller it’s hard for me to see.  Please give me the option of turning that feature off. I’ve reported this a couple of times now. Thanks.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'SWMMOM', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I love jigsaw puzzles'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18219933, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-10-01T16:32:02Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 27, 12, 4, 7), 'review': 'I have been doing the free daily puzzle for several years (which I thoroughly enjoy) and have endured the app changes along the way.  The most recent change has you mandatorily watching ads (15-60 seconds), and then you “earn” coins in which to “buy” puzzles after completing puzzles, but now there are very few collections in which you can use the coins earned as most of the collections now require you to purchase in actual money and not in credits.  If we can’t use credits to obtain more puzzles - you know we will have to watch more ads before playing any puzzle - what is the point?!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Sewciety', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Disappointed'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16601083, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-07-13T17:30:43Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 8, 3, 1, 53), 'review': 'I discovered this app during quarantine & have been playing one puzzle a day. The free daily puzzles are ok but I really like being able to choose puzzles that suit my interests. In the beginning, you could watch ads to earn points which could then be used to purchase puzzle sets. This was a great way to expand your experiences without having to make any purchases as the developer is generating revenue from advertisers getting our eyeballs for which I had no issues. There were lots of options available to buy with points or cash; however, now there is a minuscule selection to choose from by reddening points only. What happened? Still watching ads but have lost the reward. Bummed!', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bunnatee', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Previously enjoyed - now disappointed'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16199624, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-947053 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-06-24T16:43:10Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 23, 2, 39, 43), 'review': 'I started using this app several years ago and I have thoroughly enjoyed it. In fact, I introduced my husband to it and he loves it as well. That being said, I am not in love with the new updated version. My app freezes every single time I use it! I have to exit the program, remove the window, and login again to play. Granted, it does this only once a day but it is annoying. The ads are irritating but I understand that they are necessary to support the free version. The extra trays are superfluous to me. I never use them and they are in the way. Keep working on it and I am sure you will get it perfect again.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Manzostadium', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Loved this app!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 3346146, 'body': 'Hello Pretzels121609,\n\nWe really appreciate your feedback regarding the latest update of Jigsaw Puzzle. Our team is always open to user comments and suggestions about our game so that we can improve with the release of future updates.\n\nIt has been brought to our attention that some users are experiencing slowness when moving puzzles pieces, and our development team is working on fixing this bug as soon as possible!\n\nThank you for playing Jigsaw Puzzle and for taking the time to share your opinion about the most recent update!', 'modified': '2018-05-03T16:48:37Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 3, 5, 3, 12), 'review': "I recently did an update, and I'm very disappointed at the changes. I don't like how you made everything smaller. When I solve the puzzle, I don't need this fancy tiny box telling me I solved it. The solved time gets lost. I liked it soooo much better before. Keep it simple. And the GUI is way too busy, and unnecessarily complicated. There is no place for my eye to rest. It makes me anxious just looking at it. There is stuff everywhere. Also, pieces don't move as easily as they used to. The game is mote sluggish. From one designer to another, simplify it, and make it larger. Less is more.", 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Pretzels121609', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Less is more!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 11, 0, 44, 54), 'review': 'I love this app, I just got it a couple days ago and I’ve increased my puzzle usage ten fold. I will definitely recommend the game seeing as when you complete puzzles you can get coins to use on other puzzles. There not strangling you for money and that’s just awesome. I do have one suggestion. I am someone who is not the best seer I have glasses and I wanted to sync the puzzles I already started on my phone with my iPad. Unfortunately I could not find a way to do this. Maybe they could add an account or sign in function that syncs with other devices. That would make me go up to everyone I meet and be like get this app it’s amazing. Thanks', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'ella the librarian', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Awesome'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21687996, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-03-16T15:16:38Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 12, 8, 31, 44), 'review': 'I am the opposite of some of the reviewers in that I want a puzzle to be hard and take a long time to complete.  The only time I do a quick and easy puzzle is with my young grandsons, and I make that hard enough that they need several sittings to finish.\nI often like the daily puzzle but admit I have bought a lot of packages so I have a nice choice when ready for a new puzzle.\nI have one problem and I imagine it is mine alone. Because I do hard puzzles and sometimes over several weeks the time played shows a lot of hours, not good for the ego.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Pattylbtoo', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Just Love it'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 26, 14, 54, 49), 'review': 'I\'ve played this app for several years and love it. The puzzle packs are reasonably priced and include beautiful photos and artwork. I\'ve spent quite a bit on puzzles over the years, but I also love the free daily puzzle feature. New improvements are very nice, such as the flash when you get the piece in the correct place, and the improved "move pieces off the board." However, this latest update also included huge pop up ads for the game\'s puzzle packs every single time you select a puzzle to play. That\'s TOO MUCH, guys! Please remove those and you\'ll make a longtime customer very happy.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'mcfitz', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great app but the new pop ups are annoying'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14526469, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback and suggestion. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-07T20:59:46Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 5, 3, 10, 39), 'review': 'I’ve really enjoyed playing on the jigsaw app everyday. I purchased the upgrade to get a free puzzle everyday and to be commercial free. It’s fun and challenging. Last month, the Clue mystery each day was especially fun. \nIf I could change one thing, it would be to have a different cover at this time with so many people staying home to stay safe it would be better to have a cover that was non- religious. Not everyone is a Christian.  Please find a more welcoming cover that accepts all people no matter what they believe.  This is coming from a deeply religious person', 'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'cookieallred', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Play this everyday'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 1, 50, 54), 'review': 'I like your app, but quit changing things around or give me a way to go back to the way it was. You took away the 4 nice trays that moved around and stuck one big one at the bottom. ☹️. You took the bar away from the bottom where I could access it while working the puzzle. Now the bar appears vertically on the right and I have to open it then close it every time I want to lock or unlock.  Furthermore, if I want to change the background I have to scroll through the whole list instead of being able to go forward and backward.   If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it !!!  Except for the annoying changes I would rate your app 5 stars every time.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Julrufe', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Changes!'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 18238747, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-10-02T18:04:20Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 28, 2, 14, 45), 'review': 'I have used this app for several years and have always liked working the puzzles.  I would rate the actual puzzle working part a 4 or 5. But I paid for ad free version. Now having to go through at least two pop ups every time you start up is just getting old and very ad like.  I’ve also purchased several packs and I really liked earning coins toward free packs.  Now the choice of free packs is very poor.  Yes I know to go to treasure box, but I don’t find a lot of treasure there.  I understand that people were probably saving coins so purchases went down, but if you are going to limit it so severely why have coins at all. Maybe change so you don’t earn coins for free puzzles or something.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kllstitch', 'rating': 2, 'title': 'Latest changes are annoying'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16149473, 'body': 'Hello, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave a review of our app! We consider every comment and suggestion when designing new game updates, so we’d like to learn more if you have any other details to share! If so, please don’t hesitate to Contact Us using this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ !', 'modified': '2020-06-22T16:38:48Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 17, 19, 21, 22), 'review': 'Puzzles are recycling. I’ve recently completed puzzles that I’ve seen before or are very very similar to previous puzzles. Frustrating factor: they added a percent bar when you complete a puzzle representing #’s of puzzles completed on consecutive days. This goes back to zero when there’s an app upgrade. Also, there have been many days when I complete a puzzle and the % bars don’t show. Then the next day, my % bars are back to zero. For example, I completed the daily puzzle every day in June, yet my % bar is back at 1, Finally, as I’ve mentioned before, the puzzles are geographically limited: the America’s, Europe, and an occasional Asian country. They need to be less biased. Thank you.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Newest iPad', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Worsening'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 23, 48, 12), 'review': 'I love jigsaw puzzles. This way I can take it with me and don’t have to worry about losing pieces. I upgraded to be able to do custom puzzles of my own pics and I love that. I also love the fact that they give you free daily puzzles. Each day you could download the free puzzle in each amount of pieces it’s offered in if you wanted. But after that free day if you didn’t download it you can’t do a different amount of pieces, just so you know. And with earning points doing puzzles and now watching ads I can buy puzzle packs without using my own money. I like that too.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'kashmirbd', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fun app'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14689558, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the ads in the app. Please consider that our studio relies on revenue from ads to fund the development of our free games and updates. Ads should be simple to close after a short timer, but please Contact Us and let us know if you see a broken ad so our team can get it fixed right away!", 'modified': '2020-04-15T18:57:02Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 13, 2, 26), 'review': 'I like it cause it is easy to sort into trays, and the puzzle has many different styles.  They give you some free puzzles, and can earn points and prizes.  The other puzzle games are not as good as this one.  This is the only one I hve time for but I do not like how they interrupt with ads now. That’s why they lose a star from me.  Otherwise, it was flves stars before.  Especially since. some of the ads I get are for others I already have the app for. I hate ads. Wish they would go back to stopping them, because i do not know what they get out of it for themselves by adding them.\n\nTruly get rid of the ads.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'NThePink', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Best puzzle game to chill to.'}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 14664890, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-913295 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-04-14T17:04:43Z'}, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 9, 22, 56), 'review': 'I truly love this except for one issue.  From the time I first started doing it everything was great, then you did an update.  I had over 30 packs of puzzles, many that I had completed most if not all the puzzles.  In the middle of a puzzle it froze up.  Nothing I did would free it.  I finally deleted it and downloaded it again.  The only problem is while I got all my albums it did not indicate which ones l had previously completed.  A second problem is most of the time when you offer new puzzles it won’t let me see them instead it indicates $9.99 or 9999 coins but won’t show the puzzles.', 'isEdited': False, 'userName': "lt's a shame", 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Update???'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 5, 16, 50, 37), 'userName': 'GmaGriffin', 'review': 'I enjoy doing puzzles!  For the most part, I’ve been having a fun time with this app, then all of a sudden it pops up with a message, “NETWORK UNAVAILABLE  Please connect to the internet to open this puzzle pack”.  Okay, so I open my settings, to double check it, and I’m connected to the internet.  I tried probably 6-8 times, finally, I thought I’d check while I was at the office, on my lunch break.  Again with the same message!  I’m only going to give it one more try, before I change this review to a not so good review.  \nPlease fix this ASAP!  It’s frustrating!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'WHAT HAPPENED?? SUDDENLY NOT CONNECTING?!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 22, 6, 43), 'userName': 'Diamond jaye', 'review': 'This crap update has been out for over a week now and no fix?  Can you not roll back to previous version?  Rating 1 star until fixed. In the meantime I’ll look around for another puzzle app \n\nPlease fix this latest update.  The pieces are so difficult to move that it’s become almost unplayable \n\nI’m an avid puzzler and have been using this app for years.   Best one out there!  I would love to have the ability to manually sort the puzzles in progress rather than choose one of the preset options currently available.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'FIX THIS  - used to be  Great app'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 21, 17, 18, 58), 'userName': 'no changes required', 'review': 'I have been playing your puzzle program for years and have enjoyed it immensely. I have recommended it to others. Lately, some of your new improvements (?) are beginning to turn me off. They are of no value as far as I am concerned. It was much more enjoyable in the past when you just brought up the puzzles and worked them without the new bells and whistles (tray #1, tray #2 for example. I’ve worked hundreds of puzzles in the past without these annoying improvements. I don’t know why you think you need to keep changing the program, unless there are real issues that are affecting working the puzzles etc. I am one who does not appreciate changes that are not necessary to work and enjoy working puzzles.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 11983113, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-11-21T23:11:42Z'}, 'title': 'New fixes'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 9, 6, 11, 39, 51), 'userName': 'Docllo', 'review': 'I can\'t make it any lower, but the problem of not keeping track of what puzzles you\'ve finished is worse with the latest version. Now I not only see puzzles that I finished marked as not done, but packs I deleted magically reappear and new packs that I\'ve done several of are gone. \n\nI see they\'ve been "improving" the app again. Someone needs to show them how to do testing before they post a new version. The latest issues seem to be with downloading puzzles after you buy them (reported by a number of people) and losing track of where you are. Almost every day I open the app to find it showing some puzzle I completed several days ago as being in progress.\n\nLowering the rating one more time. Getting really tired of it telling me that puzzles I\'ve already finished are in progress and puzzles I\'ve completed have not been done. Might be about time to check out some of the dozens of other puzzle apps.\n\nOne more update, one less star. Finished puzzles still continue to show up as not having been done. Really frustrating if you are the kind who is trying to finish a whole puzzle pack. I\'ve done a number of puzzles 3 or more times.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 10654324, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for reaching out. We're here to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing issues with your progress and managing storage. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-799670 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-09-12T16:10:46Z'}, 'title': 'Another botched update'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 13, 19, 40, 44), 'userName': 'Ms Jalav', 'review': 'Love this app but I hope you figure out what you broke in the last update. It won’t connect to your server so I can’t buy anything or get the free puzzle of the day. Up until this update I love the app and have purchased a ton of puzzles. Lucky for me I have all the puzzles downloaded that I have purchased on my iPhone. Also please are you working on sincing the achievements?  Having to do them all twice is ok but...... when I switch from my iPad to iPhone and only see what was done on that device.......\nThanks for all your hard work making this a GREAT app.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love the app but.......'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 25, 4, 11, 44), 'userName': 'Andybarzyk', 'review': 'I remember a simpler time when my father would come home from work and would join my sister and me in slaving over a puzzle. Many times we would mistakenly install a piece and then be thrown off for hours. When the puzzle was almost done, we realized one was missing. Once finished, we wondered what we would do with it! \n\nProblem solved! In addition to that, this game gives you the option to hide all put the edge pieces, rotate pieces correctly, and, most importantly, verifies the piece is correct with a snap! No more missing pieces!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Brings back memories (only the good ones)'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 25, 15, 53, 29), 'userName': 'Gramelaine', 'review': 'I just love these puzzles.  I own more than several puzzle packs..and work a puzzle almost daily..I do the daily free puzzle if I like the picture, which is most times. Other times I choose one from my owned pack..the puzzles are just challenging enough to occupy a whole evening on my iPad as I listen to the TV with my husband.  It is the first thing I look at every morning so l can plan my evening game. I would give these puzzles 5 stars except for the fact I am bombarded with daily sales for more puzzle packs. I buy as I become bored with what I have.. please stop the daily sales pitch. Once a week would be sufficient for me.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Best on line puzzles'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 17, 14, 23, 45), 'userName': 'RikkiReader', 'review': "I've been enjoying the puzzles for a long time. I can't wait too work the daily puzzle every day. At times I will not have the opportunity and by opening the daily to play, it is maintained until I get the opportunity. I love that you don't miss it if you don't have the chance that day. \n\nBeing able to increase the number of pieces, it continues to be challenging. The price of additional groups of puzzles is reasonable for the number of puzzles received. And, there are many free groups to download. I would recommend this to all who enjoy jigsaw puzzles.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'New Daily'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 20, 18, 24, 10), 'userName': '€£¥VanB', 'review': 'I have use this app for years. I love it. But recently it just crashes. I sent in a bug report but got no response. I deleted it and download it again and it worked for a couple of days. Now it will not open again. I cannot recommend this until they get this fixed. It is literally unusable and nonfunctional. Bummer!\n\nLatest update fixed this issue and also brought back some lost performance on my iPad ( was a bit hard to capture and drag pieces), but it’s all good now. I’m in love again! Thanks for the update!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Worked Great but then.....UPDATED!!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 4, 15, 36, 48), 'userName': 'CyberBass', 'review': 'I have a love/hate relationship with this app. The actual puzzle experience is my favorite by far, but using the free version is such a frustrating experience. The ads cause the app to lock up most of the time. If I accidentally bump the ad banner at the bottom, but app locks up. I’m forced to clear it from memory and start fresh. In addition, if I restart the app in the middle of a puzzle, the app often locks up as it tries to display ads. Again I have to clear it from memory and restart. I realize I could likely solve these lock-up problems by using the paid version, but I choose not to do that for an app that seems to care so little for the free users.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18354137, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing freezing in the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-992963 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-10-08T15:31:34Z'}, 'title': 'Love it, hate it'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 27, 23, 40, 12), 'userName': 'Spinner of yarns', 'review': 'There have been loads of changes, but completed puzzles still disappear from th gallery and show as never having been done. Some show up as in progress, but when you tap on them they start over. This makes it very hard to complete puzzle packs. Even recently finished puzzle packs lose the record of completed puzzles, so some of these have to be done over. Because I’ve lost the record of so many puzzles, I downgraded this game from my last review to a 3 star from a 4 star. Also, the bottom display is too long and the arrow to make it disappear is too small for my fingers.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12189365, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry to hear that you're having some trouble with the app. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-840530 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-03T17:56:54Z'}, 'title': 'Needed changes'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 6, 15, 54, 41), 'userName': 'Indy Sunshine', 'review': 'I’ve enjoyed playing for well over a year until recently. I play on an iPad and listen to Xfinity tv app while doing puzzle. There has been a voice only ad for Lowe’s that keeps interrupting every few minutes. Today I couldn’t hear the voice, but when it tries to happen it kicks out Xfinity. I play other games and it has never happened with them, so I’m convinced it’s something in the puzzle app. It’s so annoying, frustrating and distracting to the point I’m switching to another puzzle app. I’m sorry to have to stop using this because there were so many features I loved and played every day for relaxation. I’ve written before, but haven’t heard from developer so I have to assume they either don’t care or they’re unable to fix. Sorry to say goodbye!\nIndy Sunshine', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 9409886, 'body': "Thank you for reviewing us, Indy! The issue you've reported should now be resolved. Please try restarting the app, and if you continue to experience any issues reach out to us via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and let us know so that we can look into the issue right away! Thank you for supporting our app, we value you as a player of our game!", 'modified': '2019-06-29T00:29:09Z'}, 'title': 'Please fix!!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 25, 5, 14, 33), 'userName': "Kickin' for fun!", 'review': 'What did you do to the app? The app crashes in the middle of doing a puzzle. Also when you’re in the middle of solving a puzzle, all of a sudden you hear some random audio. If it’s an ad there’s no video accompanying the audio. There’s no “x” to close it. The only way to make it stop is to exit the app. Very annoying. Between the random crashing of the app and the random audio, it makes it hard to enjoy playing. (BTW, 5 times while I was writing this review the random audio played. It plays a few seconds then stops. But not enough to hear what they’re talking about. Very annoying!)', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 9371001, 'body': "Thank you for your review Kickin' for fun! I deeply regret hearing you're having issues with crashing. Our team would like to collect more information from you on this and to help you resolve this issue. Please reach out to us via the following link: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ and reference MW-645765. We look forward to assisting you!", 'modified': '2019-06-27T00:46:02Z'}, 'title': 'Sound on ads not off'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 24, 3, 36, 26), 'userName': 'Freight245', 'review': "I don't see any fixes in the features I regularly use in this newest version. Pieces still scatter far outside the play area. My biggest complaint is still the custom puzzle mode. I emailed and explained the scale is now so far off it shows me a fraction of my pic all zoomed in. No response & no fix on this latest update. I don't normally leave reviews, but maybe they'll consider my complaint now since my email went unanswered. \nI like this app and use it pretty much daily. I like the new point system because I've already purchased the ad free mode & I'm not spending more money. Please figured out what happened in last weeks' update to screw up that feature.", 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 7972810, 'body': 'Hi there, \n\nWe appreciate you reaching out. Your feedback is invaluable to our future development. I’m sorry for the trouble with our latest update. Please Contact Us in-game Settings and select Support so we can dive deeper into these issues. This will allow our team to gather more information so you can get back to enjoying Jigsaw without distractions! We thank you for your patience.', 'modified': '2019-03-29T18:52:09Z'}, 'title': 'Still not a great update'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 0, 58, 21), 'userName': 'gemforreal', 'review': 'I love this game. I don\'t say that about a lot of things but this game deserves it. Though the ads can be a tad of annoyance, it\'s worth it because for at least ten minutes a day (or less), I open the app and play the free daily game. They\'re just challenging enough to be fun without being frustrating and I like that my brain is getting a workout too for a reward of accomplishing something that makes use of a different set of cognitive abilities rather than just the  "match three in a row" type of most other games  - not to mention the pretty picture.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Small but fun!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 22, 23, 6, 17), 'userName': 'Smule enthusiast', 'review': 'I really do enjoy the jigsaw puzzle app but find it difficult to keep buying more puzzle and not having a way to store them as we did before.  Is there a new way of doing that? If there is can you send me an email to explain it.  I tried going through support by sending a message but I never heard back from them.  Help!\n\nAfter receiving a solution to my storage problem I can say that, jigsaw puzzle is really fun and very relaxing.  I really enjoy the puzzles with beautiful landscapes and vivid colors.  Thank for getting back to me and solving my problem.', 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 2514475, 'body': "Thank you for your review of Jigsaw Puzzle. We have not changed the manner in which puzzles are stored in our game. Puzzle packs remain in the My Puzzle section until deleted. If you do delete a puzzle pack in can be restored at any time using the restore purchases option in the game's settings menu.", 'modified': '2018-02-06T17:15:19Z'}, 'title': 'Jigsaw puzzle'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 18, 3, 40, 11), 'userName': 'Shandy514', 'review': 'This is my third review:  I’m not thrilled with the new way to scatter the pieces.  They like explode and get below the menu bar on the bottom of the table. I’d prefer the way they scattered before. I do, though, love the array of new puzzle packs. If possible, can you offer some with people in them?\n\n—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00—\x00\n\nThe new updates are not as good as the previous one. I play daily and buy new groups regularly but feel like you\'re pushing too hard to sell. I love "shopping" for a new group but don\'t like them shoved down my iPad.  \n\nI\'ve been playing this for a few years now. I believe it is the best jigsaw puzzle app available. The improvements have been great. I have purchased many groups and find the low costs are well worth the enjoyment. My husband likes it too, since I don\'t have puzzles  all over the dining room table anymore.  I really appreciate that so many of the early glitches have been remedied.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'My Daily Addiction'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 5, 15, 17, 13), 'userName': 'fgk', 'review': 'I’ve had this game for a while but it has been going downhill fast, lately. I used to be able to drag three pieces at a time but a change made that impossible. Then the game got a screen of ads for puzzle sets, I already paid, do I have to see lots of ads every time I open the game? And now it shows a huge ad every day, using MY bandwidth every day, can’t I turn this off? And lately it prompts me for ratings every day, in violation of App Store rules. I’m ready to switch to another app that treats paying customers well instead of this abusive greed.\n\nI lowered the rating to 1 star since it has asked me for a rating five times in the last week. App Store rules saw you can only ask three times a year! The almost ads are annoying since I paid to remove all ads!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Great game but now full of ads'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 17, 9, 14, 50), 'userName': 'Mermaid742', 'review': 'In my opinion this is the best puzzle app out there. They have such a huge inventory of puzzles and they just keep adding to it! They also offer a free puzzle to play everyday, and it seems with every update they also offer a selection of free puzzles as well. My one issue this game froze up on me and I could do nothing to get it to work. I ended up reinstalling it and all my completed puzzles were gone. Just gone! So I started over. But I still really love this site. Please try it even if all you put together is the free puzzle offered everyday.', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I absolutely love this puzzle app'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 23, 21, 41, 57), 'userName': 'IowaSunny', 'review': 'It has been a rocky road lately with an app I have loved and spent money on for several years. I’ve turned over 20 people onto this app (I move and travel frequently so my contact circle is nationwide.). The last two purchases I made failed. Promises of free puzzle(s) upon completion of special events have failed to materialize. It frequently says I’m off line when I’m sitting right next to a WiFi that reads 500 MHz when claiming my free tokens. There’s more but that’s enough for you to know what won’t be delivered. With that said, if you do get puzzles you paid for, you will really enjoy them. That part is still functioning pretty well. Ergo, go ahead and download if you want the best jigsaw puzzle app you can find. Maybe just stick to the daily puzzle and the freebies …', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 23594922, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with your purchases. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-43203 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-06-25T23:21:16Z'}, 'title': 'Greed broke a great app'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 11, 12, 46), 'title': 'Love this app', 'rating': 5, 'userName': '20bunnies', 'review': 'I love jigsaw puzzles, and this is my favorite app because it’s the most like the real experience of doing a puzzle. I started out with this app a long time ago, and I liked how you could use your own photos as puzzles. That was cool! I did free puzzles for a while, then decided to buy some. This is not a greedy app. You can buy puzzles, or just do the free ones. I have never been disappointed. Well, maybe once, when an update made it more skittery and harder to place the pieces. It’s fixed now, the puzzles are nice, and I do at least one puzzle every day.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 19, 19, 13, 40), 'title': 'Great!', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Zila1975', 'review': 'Lots of fun. Love me some puzzles!\n\nUpdate: still love this app. The final piece fitting though...where it pulls way back making the piece tiny and sparkly. I am an adult and my fingers are bigger than a 2 yo. Please make this go away or have a setting to stop it. Love the app and will not stop downloading puzzles and playing even with that tiny irritant.\n\nUpdate 2. What in the world with the latest update?!?!?! Big empty area at the bottom? Arrow for side bar completely in the way? And ginormous side bar when open? Put. Things. Back. Lost a star...may loose more. Whywhywhy would you fix something that was perfect???? The menu at the bottom was perfect. The arrow to pull it out of hiding was perfect.  Now? Terrible...', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19964306, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-12-23T21:10:02Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 20, 53, 20), 'title': 'I did enjoy it...until it all changed', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Alexahente', 'review': 'There’s an old saying, “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.”  This was my favorite jigsaw app. I could select a puzzle...and build it. But now you’ve gone and ruined it with pop ups galore (play this, see this, new now...) and it’s annoying. And you’ve made it next to impossible to use the points I’ve saved. The purchase points puzzles used to be among the regular puzzles and we had a choice of paying with money or points saved. Now you’ve gone and put the points puzzles in a Treasure Box, but there’s no treasure there. The puzzle sets are, in my opinion, “rejects” and not enticing at all. Further, you’ve upped the “price” , asking ridiculous amounts of points for a puzzle pack ($7.99, seriously??}. I’m giving up on this puzzle app and looking for a new one.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19351715, 'body': 'Thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-11-25T17:46:58Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 3, 23, 45, 10), 'title': 'Really enjoy working Jigsaw Puzzles with this app', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Nurse Charlie', 'review': 'You can customize the puzzles to suit your self by making it it have fewer or more pieces, letting the pieces stay in the orientation they fit into the puzzle or not. I love hearing the satisfying "click" when a piece fits into place correctly. Hours of puzzle working fun. Wish my tablet screen was larger, but it still works with the zoom in and out feature.\nI also really wish the background would remain still other than being able to be resized, or that there was an on off switch for that.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 11, 13, 48, 2), 'title': 'Please, Please Fix the “Objectives”', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'ZoePita', 'review': 'Hello, I have used this app for many, many years! In fact not a day goes by without me working on the latest puzzle. My husband and I were in a competition with each other by doing the “Objectives” (listed in the Gallery section) until several months ago when there is no visibility of it. It states “Objectives are temporarily unavailable. All your progress made before the update has been saved. Stay tuned.”\nWell, we have been Waiting, waiting and more waiting for this fix! Please fix this ASAP so that we may continue our competition. If it were not for this problem, I would rate this app 100% Awesomeness! Thank you.\nSincerely, ZoePita', 'developerResponse': {'id': 10171455, 'body': "Hi ZoePita, thank you for your review! We are working on restoring objectives and making them better and more rewarding! We're confident that once we reimplement them you will love the changes. Please hang in there with us! We appreciate you and value you as a player of our game. Thank you for playing!", 'modified': '2019-08-14T16:45:26Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 23, 16, 30, 3), 'title': 'Objectives', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Pyper Mac', 'review': 'Something is wrong with the last update. Pieces are extremely hard to move now.   This was my favorite app before this last update. Now it’s a chore to complete a puzzle.\n\nUPDATE: They’ve fixed the problems with moving pieces. \n\nI’ve tried several different jigsaw apps and this one still remains my favorite. I like all of the different options available, however one of my favorite features was the objectives. It was the main feature that kept me coming back each day. Now that they are gone I just don’t play as often.  Would love to know the status of when they will return.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 11, 3, 34, 41), 'title': 'I is really fun', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'koufcjfhvdnchn', 'review': 'Me and my family love puzzles and that’s when I found this that I loved them even more because when I want to do a puzzle and I am in the car out something I can just get this out instead of having to worry about loosing any pieces of the puzzle and then you get to pick how many pieces you want in your puzzle. The only thing I don’t like about this is that you have to pay for the good puzzles but I guess that’s is a way they make mint but other than that I is an amazing app and is a great game to play especially if you like puzzles!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 29, 18, 42, 50), 'title': 'Unwelcome changes', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Flowerfox55', 'review': 'I used to love this app and play it every day. This last update included some very annoying changes. There is a new loud swishy sound when the puzzle pieces are rotated  - VERY distracting!  You can turn it off with a setting called “legacy sounds”, but you must do so every time you play, they will not save the setting. Are they hoping we will get used to it? The scatter feature, which was convenient for moving pieces off the center of the puzzle, now sends them flying literally off the board, and it takes a lot of time to track them all down. This update was not an improvement at all.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 8050215, 'body': 'Hi there, \n\nThank you for writing a review. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience with the latest update. Your feedback is invaluable to our future development. Please Contact Us in-game Settings and select Support so we can dive deeper into these issues. This will allow our team to gather more information so that we can get things sorted for you as soon as possible! We appreciate your patience and understanding', 'modified': '2019-04-04T00:18:18Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 2, 22, 32, 35), 'title': 'Love this app!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Lmconk', 'review': 'I have been doing these puzzles for a long time! I’ve tried other jigsaw puzzle apps but this is my fave and I end up deleting the others. Thank you for the daily freebie! Awesome variety of puzzle options.\nI love collecting the coins. But I wish there was a way to filter the puzzles that you can buy with coins! I have collected enough to buy one of the bigger packs, but will have to go through each pack to see if coins can be used to buy it.\nAlso, I love the sales! I have purchased a few packs on sale and love them! \nThanks for a great app!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 1, 0, 7, 8), 'title': 'Hey..what about those trays!!!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'CowboyChef', 'review': 'Continue to love this app and appreciate all the improvement you make. Also like the fact you read our comments and make adjustments. Personally I don’t use the trays and ask you allow us the ability to turn them off. I do delete so there is only 1, but its still taking up some screen real estate. I just ignore the objectives and opting in or would be nice, but they don’t really interfere. \n\nNow to the people who don’t like the ads, IF YOU USE THE APP, PAY FOR IT!!!! I bet you spend way more at Starbucks on A Cup of Coffee your but doesn’t need.'}, {'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 30, 17, 35, 5), 'title': 'App crashing and puzzles restarting before complete it.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Rackell', 'review': 'Lately the app keeps shutting down while playing a puzzle and have to go back into app. I am also having issues with completing a puzzle. If I play the last piece and app shuts down or I close, upon reopening it says puzzle is 99% done so I open to complete and it shows puzzle done but before  I can locate the piece that hasn’t locked into place it reshuffles the pieces and I have to start over. This is frustrating and happens about every 3-4 puzzles I do. This wouldn’t b3 such a big deal on small puzzles but it’s frustrating when it happens on 400 + pieces.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13424867, 'body': "Hi there, we've listened to player feedback and have added the option to hide or show the trays feature. Please open the in-game Settings and scroll to the very bottom to locate this option. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-11T17:24:08Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 9, 1, 19, 5), 'title': 'Love it!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'MimiSakz', 'review': 'Absolutely LOVE the "create your own" to make puzzles out of my own photos! Nothing like seeing sweet little faces and happy memories appear as the puzzle comes together! Love some of the new backgrounds, & the speed at which the puzzles load. \n\nNot quite so happy with the latest update.....I like the "peek" improvement, but the proportions of the board have changed. This makes it impossible to sort the pieces on the outside of the board, as I could do before the update.\n\n12/17 update....LOVE the new “blink” feature when a piece is placed correctly...but miss the little click!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 27, 21, 19, 48), 'title': 'ads', 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Vorric', 'review': 'The pictures are really cool and I think it is neat that you have titles for the puzzles you do. But I get tired of watching ads for each puzzle I want to do. Now to be required to watch an ad for the daily puzzle that is okay. Its also ok to be required to watch an ad for a free set but once I get the set I shouldn’t be required to watch an ad till I get the next free set. So to me, I’m required to watch too many ads. \n\nHowever if you don’t mind the ads then by all means give them a try; Because the do have really cool pictures. You also can adjust the number of pieces in the puzzle and I didn’t see a timer anywhere so it looks like you can play at your own pace.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12216806, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Please consider that our studio relies on revenue from ads to fund the development of our free games and updates. Ads should be simple to close after a short timer, but please Contact Us and let us know if you see a broken ad so our team can get it fixed right away!', 'modified': '2019-12-04T22:37:54Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 3, 21, 36, 28), 'title': 'A great way to pass the time', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Jjhgdtvjgyxhh', 'review': 'As an avid puzzle lover this is a great app. I hadn’t played it in a while and was pleasantly surprised when I revisited the app that the number of pieces was increased to 400 pieces. It’s actually challenging and takes me several hours to solve one puzzle (starting and stopping here and there). My only complaint is when I scatter the pieces they will go out beyond the edge of the screen. I have to zoom out and “pinch” my screen then with my other finger drag them back in so I can see them. It gets a little awkward and sometimes frustrating but hardly a deal breaker. I’d give it five stars if it weren’t for that.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 17, 15, 20), 'title': 'Not a fan of “new and improved”', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'TimmyGato', 'review': 'Can’t use Bluetooth keyboard to write a review, lose another star. Had been playing jigsaws happily with this app for months, but now that it’s been “improved” it has become irritating. The puzzle pieces now go out beyond the edges of the screen and are very hard to get into usable space, and now pieces also get put on top of each other and on top of completed parts of the puzzle where they can be very hard to find. Not necessarily deal-breakers but extremely annoying to be forced to get accustomed to. Something changed with the sound too, or lack thereof, I now hear things where I didn’t use to and vice versa. Why do things that worked just fine have to be “improved” and damaged?'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 18, 18, 9, 52), 'title': 'What’s going on?', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'RLHSF', 'review': 'I’m not really writing a review, as much as asking a question: What’s up? \n\nI do at least one, and usually two puzzles a day (spending an hour on your app! YUK!) and HATE the new coinage decision you made! There’s a real scarcity to it. I used to browse puzzle packs and spend $2 or $3 when I saw a puzzle that particularly attracted me ... NOW I have to WORK to get to do a puzzle. \n\nNot fun. \n\nI was hoping that at least when I finished a full set of twenty something puzzles that there would be a bonus, but I’ve been doing this for several days and still don’t have enough ‘coins’ to get any puzzle pack I want. All the time knowing WHEN I SPEND my hard earned coins that I will be right back in the deficit of having to do puzzles for several weeks to afford to get ONE pack!\n\nAND you aren’t even showing me ads! So what’s the point? You took away the business model of me giving you $$ and didn’t put another model in place? \n\nWhat’s up? \n\nI spend enough time with you app for you to fill me in ...'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 15, 22, 47, 11), 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzles App', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'DS Puzzler', 'review': 'A friend got me started on this app. I found out that doing the puzzles (196 pieces) is extremely challenging for me on my IPhone 6S Plus but it works great on my IPad. I’ve enjoyed jigsaw puzzles since I was in elementary school, years ago. I love that the pieces are all there (none have fallen on the floor and been chewed by a friend”s dog) and I can take as long or as quickly as I want to work on it.\nI just finished the free Clue puzzle (18 in all). Very diverse scenes. \nI haven’t gotten into using the tray feature, though I do with a “real” puzzle. Since I put matches inside the frame as I work on it, having the trays “pop” open is somewhat annoying to me.\nI like the challenge of not using the picture but the Greenhouse scene of Clue had me using it quite a bit since all the pieces were in rotation. \nAnyway, I love doing these puzzles and try to do at least one a day to get my brain in gear for the day. \nThanks for a great app for jigsaw puzzle lovers!'}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 31, 9, 30, 48), 'title': 'They ruined it!', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Chappy675', 'review': 'It WAS the best puzzle app out there and one of my go to past times every day, until.... the last update! Why oh why do developers sit around and try to think up ways to “perfect” perfection?!? They made some really stupid and irritating minor changes to the game play that are awful and not well thought out!! It has ruined the game. It’s so irritating to play now I just don’t play. And I’m really sad and quite mad about it. I have invested a ton of $$$ in puzzle packs that I haven’t played yet. Of course common sense would tell you that these tweeks may not be for everyone so make them where you can turn them off, right?!?!  No. No common sense with these developers. I hope the users rise up and complain and make them rethink these stupid changes but I won’t hold my breath.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20198254, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-01-05T17:31:20Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 10, 0, 57, 59), 'title': 'Run!', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'PlainSpotter', 'review': "Find something else to do. As time goes on, and as this program changes hands, the advertising gets more and more disruptive. And don't ever change your equipment. Changing equipment causes you to lose puzzles you own, points you've earned, and any hope of tech support. They answer your emails, but the process to get your puzzles back is complicated and convoluted. You can have your puzzles back if you have kept meticulous records of what you had, because the developer doesn't. I can't imagine anybody going through the process they throw up as a roadblock to getting what you already own. This is an irresponsible company, with no regard whatever for their customers. Don't buy it. Don't use it. Don't recommend it. This sort of company needs to be run off the Apple App Store.", 'developerResponse': {'id': 17898281, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! If you re-installed the app or moved to a new device and are having trouble accessing your previous purchases, we are happy to help! Our Support Team needs some information from your device, so you'll need to reach out to them from within the app itself. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-09-15T22:38:38Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 3, 17, 5, 11), 'title': 'Gone downhill in the last few months', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Huey on Maui', 'review': 'They added a feature awhile back that you could buy puzzle packs with coins that were earned from doing puzzles. That was fine. Then they made it so there were very few puzzle packs available to purchase with coins. Then they added “watch ad to get coins” options which were annoying pop ups and pointless because the coins are mostly worthless now that so few packs are available with them. \n\nBut yesterday was the last straw. They changed their free daily puzzle to now a “watch ad” for the free puzzle. Disappointing. I’m weary of ad-filled apps. Definitely will not be spending another cent on more puzzle packs seeing the direction this one is going.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17149991, 'body': "Hello Huey, Please consider that our studio relies on the revenue generated from ads so that we can continue to fund the development of our free games and updates. We're always ready to help if you're experiencing any technical issues, and our Support team can be reached through the in-game Support page. Thank you for the feedback.", 'modified': '2020-08-07T19:46:18Z'}}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13949107, 'body': 'Hi tinkertink32, We’d like to get this corrected for you at once, however, we need more details first. If you haven’t already done so, please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your unique ID MW-896245. We look forward to having the opportunity to get this fixed for you!', 'modified': '2020-03-09T22:11:34Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 10, 3, 40, 8), 'title': 'Jigsaw puzzle', 'userName': 'tinkertink32', 'review': 'I’m stuck. My screen will not respond. Every time you “upgrade” or add something new something goes wrong. It’s perfect, leave it alone. I’m not interested in other games all I want is to work my puzzles but now I can’t because of a frozen screen which is a result of one of your so called improvements. What can l do?\n\nWhat is wrong with you people??? You have a great app here and you are wrecking it. Every time l finish a puzzle you lock me into downloading a new game. I DON’T want A new GAME !!! From what I have read a lot of other people are disgusted too. Wake up !', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 5, 28, 39), 'title': 'Not an improvement', 'userName': 'Usgenes', 'review': 'PLEASE change this back to work like it did before. As others have said too, the pieces are hard to move and they are smaller, plus the background moves too much. Also, after completing the border and the pieces scatter, they go way off the screen. They are hard to find under the edges, plus they land on top of the border pieces and are hard to see. \nI still have two collections to finish but I don’t think I will be buying any more, hoping you make some changes or you might loose a few customers here😕', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 17, 28, 5), 'title': 'Love it', 'userName': 'Puzzle obsessor', 'review': 'One thing I would change: once you choose the puzzle, I would like to VIEW it a bit longer in its PHOTO stage. Sometimes I click on each puzzle, then return to it when it is all jumbled up and cannot remember what I am putting together. But, I love the options and seeing how long it takes me to work each.\n\nAfter the update recently, the entire puzzle moves far too much while I am trying to grab one puzzle piece. And then I don’t even have the piece I was trying to put into place. The other updates seem to be beneficial.', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 7, 13, 54, 39), 'title': 'Love this game', 'userName': 'Re hot', 'review': 'I have had this Jigsaw Puzzle game for several years now.  The puzzles photos are varied, and I like that you can select how may pieces you want to work with, and the game gives you certain challenges that you can chose to participate in if you want.  They are constantly adding new puzzles, and provide you with a free "Puzzle of the Day" to introduce some of the puzzle packs you may not have tried.  Puzzle packs are not expensive, and there are sale packs, and on occasion free packs.  I would recommend this to anyone who loves puzzles.  I use this every day!', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 7827096, 'body': 'Hi there, \n\nThank you for reaching out. Your feedback is invaluable to our team and future development plans. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience with our update. Our development team has been informed of these issues and will evaluate further to take appropriate action. We appreciate your patience and understanding while we work on this fix. Please look out for a new update in the near future. Please open the in-game Settings and select Support to Contact Us with questions!', 'modified': '2019-03-20T21:43:33Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 18, 58, 15), 'title': 'Bad and annoying update', 'userName': 'clemmypie203', 'review': 'I have loved using this puzzle app and do several puzzles a day. Apparently an update has been made that has taken the pleasure out of using this app. Now every time a piece is turned it makes a loud sound. Adding sound to this move is completely unnecessary, annoying and distracting. The only sound that is helpful is the sound made when pieces lock together. I have also noticed it is more difficult to move pieces around on an iPad. It takes more finger pressure to move the pieces and it slows the game down. Pieces are also partially left out of view when scattered on the game board. I have bought quite a few puzzle packs but won’t be buying more if these issues aren’t addressed.', 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 8, 6, 42, 34), 'title': 'Keeps shutting down', 'userName': 'CraziKatLadi', 'review': 'I’ve enjoyed the jigsaw puzzles for a while now, the pictures are beautiful and putting the puzzles together is very enjoyable and relaxing. However since this most resent update I can’t attempt to put a puzzle together due to the puzzle app completely shutting down every few seconds. I wasn’t sure if it was the latest update of IOS 11.3 but none of my other apps shut down when I have them open playing a game or reading something.  \nPlease check into this so I can continue to enjoy the many beautiful puzzles that are waiting for me to put together. \nThank you.  Becky', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 3, 12, 45, 39), 'title': 'Love This App!', 'userName': '{~}{~}{~}', 'review': "I have had this app for over two years and love it! There are so many free puzzles that you would never have to buy any. I have bought some packages because of the beautiful puzzles and have always been pleased with the values. I use this app with my mother who has Alzheimer's and the little boy I watch. I love that the difficulty level can be adjusted to the age of the solver. I also love that the piece rotation can be turned off and on. The  fact that you can also make puzzles from your own photos (or Google images) is also wonderful. Five Stars!!", 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19352264, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-25T18:33:46Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 23, 15, 7, 11), 'title': 'Cwclady', 'userName': 'Gsdlady', 'review': "Love love love this app. A great form of exercise for an old ladies mind, eye etc. I have become way too addicted. Just keep the puzzles coming. I have two other apps but this is my favorite. Thanks to the inventor.\nSince they worry me to review the app I'll do it again. I STILL love the app. Still play way to much. Would like to see puzzles with more than 400 pieces\nThanks for adding puzzles with more pieces. Love this app and never have any trouble with it like other apps. \nStill the best\nStill love my puzzles. However not too fond of new format but guess I’ll get used to it soon.", 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 23, 3, 56, 58), 'title': 'Love these puzzles!!!', 'userName': 'Fearless1941', 'review': 'There are several free puzzles and there’s a free puzzle of the day. I’m addicted to working them to pass the time away. They’re interesting and some are really beautiful. When I first started doing them, I thought pieces were missing and I couldn’t figure out why. I’ve since learned to scatter the pieces which moves the loose pieces to the outside so that you can see them\n\nI have purchased several puzzles and they are all beautiful. I am definitely addicted to solving these puzzles. I do a few every day and they are great for calming a stressful day.', 'rating': 5}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16054778, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for your feedback! Our top priority is always to provide the best experience we can! After careful consideration, we've made some changes to reduce the number of messages that display in the game. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any additional feedback you’d like to share!", 'modified': '2020-06-17T22:23:48Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 15, 6, 23), 'title': 'Long time user - TOO. MANY. POPUPS. Too many Glitches', 'userName': 'lshwnb', 'review': 'I’ve been using this app for YEARS, have purchased multiple packs, and upgraded. There are far too many popups that have evolved over the last year. I understand needing to make money from multiple streams, but MY GOODNESS. Please reconsider how many pop up ads you’re using. It truly disrupts the experience. Further to this, I have tried for at least 2 years to meet all of the objectives and have communicated with ‘support’ over the years. The streaks magically disappear or don’t count a day, so I’ve never been able to close all the objectives. Also annoying. \n\n I’m currently looking for another jigsaw puzzle app.', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 12, 7, 4, 12), 'title': 'Personal preference', 'userName': 'Kr15cmvk', 'review': 'I was hoping to see some puzzles related to the beautiful underwater places w/ water so clear you can see the bottom. Gorgeous tropical fish, scuba caves, unique underwater scenery, coral reefs, sunken statues for the purpose of sightseeing. As popular as merfolk are these days, I’m really surprised that the only puzzles are cartoonish or drawings. They’re nice but there’s Weekie Wachee mermaids, mermaids who actually are famous all over the world. Hannah Frazier, Mermaid Linden, and a host of others! I’m also surprised @ the lack of Disney princesses both live characters & from the movies. That would bring in serious revenue should they be able to manage to get rights. Well, I’ll keep watching for especially the beauty of the underwater world.', 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 7827917, 'body': 'Hello, \n\nThank you so much for your feedback and for reporting these issues to us. Our development team has been working to ensure that you can get back to enjoying Jigsaw Puzzle! I am happy to let you know that there is a new update available in the App Store right now, because I noticed that you are currently playing an old version of the app. If you have any questions or concerns after updating, please do not hesitate to open the in-game Settings and select Support to Contact Us for future assistance. We truly apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your understanding.', 'modified': '2019-03-20T23:23:06Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 25, 16, 4, 31), 'title': 'Fix the last update please: FIXED IT!', 'userName': 'd4r87', 'review': 'Update:  App developers responded to my review promptly, professionally, and nicely. They fixed the issues and I’m happily playing my puzzles again. Thanks so much! 💖💖💖 changed to 5 stars!\n——————————\nThis morning I would have given this game 5 stars. Love it and play every day. Some sort of update happened this afternoon that has made the game unplayable. Grabbing the pieces is difficult. It feels misaligned. The pieces drag really slowly. The background is jumpy. Something is wrong. Please investigate and fix so I can play again. I give up for tonight.', 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 10, 18, 26, 2), 'title': 'I love this app', 'userName': 'Dowadiddybop', 'review': 'I absolutely love this app. I do puzzles everyday. I updated from a iPad mini to a 9.7 just to get a larger playing board. I would have given the app 5 stars however with the last update when you scatter the pieces outside the play area, the pieces are scattered so far out that they are now out of view. You now have to drag the screen and hold it to see the pieces. It’s now somewhat difficult ( or maybe I should say annoying) to drag the pieces and If you enjoy timing yourself this definitely adds time to how long it takes to complete a puzzle. I hope this issue is fixed soon.', 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 7, 22, 53), 'title': 'Jigsaw Puzzle', 'userName': 'Nanahas5', 'review': "I like this app.  There is one thing I'd like to see change though.  It doesn't rotate when you're charging.  It would be nice to have the cord come out of the top of my iPad, so I could still do a puzzle.  Otherwise it's great!\n\nI was wrong.  This game does rotate.  I don't know why it didn't yesterday, but happy to see it does now.  I've now updated it to a 5 star game!\n\nI'm changing my rating to a four star game, because I'm constantly asked to rate it, and there seems to be more ads to buy buy buy more puzzles.  It's not like I haven't spent money on it, I do, but apparently not enough or they'd lighten up on bugging me.", 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 3, 43, 55), 'title': 'The last update messed it all up', 'userName': 'Ytwilson', 'review': 'I have enjoyed this app for several years, but the last update screwed up a lot of things.  I mainly create puzzles from my camera roll.  The recently completed window has them all out of order and some not even there.  When playing the actual game, it is so jerky.  The smoothness in moving pieces is annoyingly bad.  I move my finger where I want the piece: and it is dropped up to an inch away.  When I finally completed my puzzle, a different picture was shown.  Have no idea how that happened.  And all of this used more battery life than ever using this app.  I hope patches to these issues are on the way.  Thanks.', 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 1, 4, 26), 'title': 'May stop playing after latest update', 'userName': 'pajabott', 'review': 'I have used this puzzle app for a long time. Tried a couple others, but none compared. I probably do a puzzle a day. This last update does not move pieces smoothly. My stylist is eventually an itch in front of the piece I am moving. The scatter places pieces on top of each other, never did that before. The scatter also places pieces too close to the puzzle border and have to be moved out of the way. There is less room on puzzle table because of the ads along the bottom. The ad pop up is tolerable for a free app, but the ad along bottom takes up valuable space. I’ve done 2 puzzles since update and it is no longer user friendly. I’ll check out other puzzle apps.', 'rating': 2}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16294218, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-06-29T18:57:44Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 27, 12, 8, 52), 'title': 'Love the puzzles, hate the ads', 'userName': 'seagirlc', 'review': 'Love the daily puzzles, especially the nature photos & the ones with blocks of color. Hate the pop-up promos. Also hate the cutesy cat pictures and the fuzzy, mushy painted ones like today’s daily puzzle. I like the recent upgrade that allows you to tap on a specific number of pieces, but now it doesn’t tell you how many bonus points you get. Also please provide more options for using bonus points to get puzzle packs. Often the app tells me I have “enough points for a pack” but it only shows packs for purchase, very few available for points.\nThank you.', 'rating': 4}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 23681099, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with piece scattering. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-44051 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-06-30T16:51:26Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 26, 7, 48, 26), 'title': 'Update problems', 'userName': 'Geckossb', 'review': 'I enjoy Jigsaw Puzzle and improvements have been made. \n\nHowever, the last update has a glitch.  Now when you begin a puzzle, the pieces are automatically scattered to the outer edges of the board and you can’t disable the scatter. I don’t do my puzzles that way. I sort them from the middle and then put them on the sides, the old way each puzzle opened. Please put a disable on the “scatter button” and let each person decide how they want to solve the puzzles.   Also, if you don’t want some of the free puzzles stored, let the player delete them permanently. \n\nThe game itself is the best I’ve found so far. Please fIx the glitch. Thanks.', 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 21097909, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-02-16T21:02:59Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 12, 19, 25, 3), 'title': 'Love the Puzzles, HATE the Ads', 'userName': 'DecaturMamma', 'review': 'I have been playing this puzzle app almost daily for several years. I really enjoy the puzzle selection, the app design and mechanics, and the many options to customize your experience. Really appreciate the daily free puzzles and the sales on varied puzzle sets.\n\nA few months go, incessant ads and contests started appearing after pressing any button. It’s really overkill and annoying. I understand that app developers need ad revenue, but this is not reasonable. At all. \n\nYou are alienating your long-time fans, those of us who will purchase puzzle packs and subscriptions over and over again. This is not the move you want to make, guys.', 'rating': 3}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19253018, 'body': 'Hi Chris, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the recent update. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!', 'modified': '2020-11-20T22:38:28Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 16, 50, 53), 'title': 'Once a great App, now unplayable', 'userName': 'Chris367864435778', 'review': 'As of the last upgrade, I have stopped playing this app.  I’m really sad because I love puzzles, especially during quarantine,  and have been playing this app for 3-4 years.  Let me walk you through how it has been ruined.\nPrevious to the latest upgrade\nIncreasingly aggressive ads\nPutting a button right next to the “peek” button that tries to sell me stuff.  Since I often use the peek button it is annoying to try to not hit the stupid “sell me stuff” button.\nLatest upgrade\nNew Tray: large and awkward and distracting.  Hard to move.  Much worse than before…why did you break it!!\nNew Options bar: large and distracting and awkward. Much worse than before.  The main problem is that I often peek at the full puzzle as I play.  Now my choice is to either have the large annoying options bar open or, If I close it, then I need to open the options bar, press peek, and then close the options bar again.   What was one simple move that I often did has now become three.   Again, why are you making things worse!!\nWhen you did this upgrade, did you actually have people play it first?!', 'rating': 1}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 2, 14, 43, 51), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'I LUV DIS GAME!!!!!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Kev da shooter', 'review': 'I play this game every day because it ALWAYS helps me relax even my dog loves the music it such a relaxing game because I can take my iPad everywhere it doesn’t waste much battery and because I do not have any real puzzles I am 7 years old lol and I love this game sooooooo much!!! I also shared it with my friends and my cousin my sister is 2 now but when she is 5 I will tell her all about this game it’s so relaxing I did the 1024 piece one of the beach and shore it’s called ship anchored to the shore it was so relaxing it’s my favorite game. I think it is the best puzzle game in the whole universe.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 16, 22, 46, 40), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Used to be my favorite but...', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16054789, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for your feedback! Our top priority is always to provide the best experience we can! After careful consideration, we've made some changes to reduce the number of messages that display in the game. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any additional feedback you’d like to share!", 'modified': '2020-06-17T22:24:24Z'}, 'userName': 'Anniw84', 'review': 'This Mobilityware puzzle app has been one of my favorite for several years. Paid extra for no ads.  While “technically” not ads, I have to put up with...check out this new puzzle pack, watch an ad for extra points, want a treasure chest, play this game to get a prize...before I can ever even begin a puzzle for a pack I purchased.  I get wanting to generate revenue but this is RIDICULOUS...so close to just deleting the app but I have puzzle packs I have previously paid for so maybe I will try to complete those before deleting but not sure it is worth it...I have most of Mobilityware games...Spider Solitaire, Regular Solitaire, Addiction, Word Wiz, FreeCell...you get the idea...but I am seeing this more and more in all of their apps.. May be time to look for another favorite...'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 23, 23, 8, 49), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bonus Credits.', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13674650, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Make sure you're tapping on the puzzle pack to view all of the purchasing options for it. If you need help locating some packs available for purchase in the Store, please feel free to reach out to our Support Team from within the app's Settings. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-02-24T18:09:34Z'}, 'userName': 'Lrnuz4710', 'review': 'I am absolutely addicted to these puzzles. However before the update I was able to use my credits to purchase a puzzle package. I now have 2899 credits and there is no option to use those credits. How can I redeem them.                       I appreciate you responding back to me however my question wasn’t answered. Why can’t I use my coins to purchase other puzzle packs. I have 2899 coins and when purchasing a new pack it only gives you the option to pay for it. How do I redeem my coins to pay for the pack.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 26, 22, 29, 43), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Outstanding', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Sr. Player', 'review': 'This app does so much more than my previous favorite jigsaw puzzle app. This one allows you to make the sample picture smaller or larger, and also the puzzle itself, can magnify to see details that really help.  You also can place the puzzle pieces around the outside edge and group them by color or pattern without taking up space inside the puzzle.  You can change the background color for more contrast on the particular puzzle you are using.  Love it and appreciate that I can even make puzzles in an instant from my gallery.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 12, 14, 22, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Sort option is gone', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8278725, 'body': 'Thank you for reaching out, and I am very sorry to hear you are encountering problems with the sorting feature freezing for you. Our Support team would like to assist you in resolving this issue. Please reach out Support via Game Settings - Help & Support - Contact Us and reference #484414 as this will tell us your inquiry is related to this review. We look forward to acquiring more information to assist you in resolving this. Thank you for playing Mobilityware!', 'modified': '2019-04-18T18:18:32Z'}, 'userName': 'WNCDee', 'review': 'I’ve loved this app for more than 5 years, but the recent update has defaulted to the OLDEST puzzle first on the saved puzzles page. I prefer to sort by the % completed and then newest puzzle. Now I have to scroll to “find” the puzzle that is 33% completed, that I was working on a few hours ago. Please fix the upper right hand tab that allows the user to choose their puzzle sorting preference. ... also, selecting this tab currently (which is stuck on default) will freeze the app entirely and require closing the app entirely.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 26, 21, 15, 22), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Update Issues Resolved', 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8009946, 'body': "Hi there, \n\nThanks for reaching out and for your feedback! We're sorry to hear that you're experiencing hiccups with the game and for any inconveniences that you've encountered. Please Contact Us by opening the in-game Settings and then clicking Support. This will allow our team to gather more information so that we can get things sorted for you as soon as possible! We appreciate your patience and understanding", 'modified': '2019-04-01T20:37:41Z'}, 'userName': 'clarehenry', 'review': 'I bumped my rating up to five stars. It seems as tho the glitches have been fixed. I still like the old version best but overall I think this is a great app\n\nI used to love this puzzle app but they recently had an update and there are two things I struggle with. One, the pieces are hard to “pick up” and move around- I get a lot of misses.  And two, I don’t like how they changed the way the pieces click into place.  It’s too bad...I would play everyday but now I find the site frustrating and it deters me from using it.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 25, 15, 5, 19), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not crazy about latest update!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Thomb54', 'review': 'I have over 50 puzzle packs that I have purchased and have done hundreds of puzzles so I do like this app... but ....this latest update , I do not like; I can not touch and drag with ease as before, you’re finger is 1/8-1/4 inch off from the piece you’re dragging. Some pieces out on the perimeter of the screen once scattered are hard to get a hold of.\nThe pre and post picture is smaller and not as presentable as before. \nPlease fix these soon and restore some of the previous features!\nThank you for allowing our feedback!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 12, 30, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Update Made It Harder', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'K D Churchill', 'review': 'Before the last “bug fix” I was able to do a puzzle much faster, between 7 and 12 minutes (a 100 piece), and now the fastest I can do a puzzle is 20 minutes because I am having trouble catching the pieces and dragging them!  Instead of dragging the piece the whole puzzle frame wants to move!  I’ve done three or four puzzles since the update and the only way I have figured out to grab a piece is to expand the screen about so large that you can’t see the whole puzzle at one time.  Frustrating!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 10, 2, 16, 3), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Lovely, but with a couple tweaks - perfect!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Ohiogirlie74', 'review': "Would like a solid background option, the patterns are okay, but can make the pieces hard to see; also a preview of how big the piece will be as you increase the # of pieces would help a ton.... Stuck doing a puzzle with itty bitty pieces because I refuse to resign. Finally, the scatter function would be awesome if it would stop piling pieces on top of one another. But - still. The best puzzle app I've used!!! Update: all of these issues have been completely resolved with updates!! So nice to see a developer work with user feedback!"}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 14, 15, 35, 5), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Horrible update!!!', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 7810961, 'body': 'Hi scudboi, \n\nThank you for reaching out. We want to be able to provide you with an awesome gaming experience and have you loving our app again. We deeply apologize for the trouble with our update. Our development team has been informed of these issues and will evaluate the issue further and take appropriate action. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused you. We appreciate your understanding while we work on this fix. Please look out for a new update the near future. Please open the in-game Settings and select Support to Contact Us with questions! Thank you for your patience.', 'modified': '2019-03-19T21:59:55Z'}, 'userName': 'scudboi', 'review': 'I used to LOVE this app, I played it every day, but ever since yesterday I’m extremely disappointed in the new update. I opened the app and it made me wait a few moments as it “made improvements”. However, as soon as I started on a new puzzle, I was extremely disappointed. Before the update, the pieces would move along smoothly when you move them from one place to another, but now, it’s has a major lag and it’s extremely glitchy when the pieces or board moves around. It makes it super hard to quickly complete the puzzle as I used to do. Also, I have the rotate pieces setting on, and you have to click it multiple times before it even rotates around once!!! I’m highly upset with this update. Please go back to the way the game used to be.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 8, 4, 16, 30), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Step in the wrong direction', 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Loyd5456', 'review': 'The latest update is a step in the wrong direction. Both my wife and I have found that the moving of pieces on our iPads has become very frustrating. The pieces do not respond to the finger like they did previously.  We have to repeat the action multiple times to get a piece to move where we want.  Also it now requires much more effort to get a piece to match up with a sibling.  We have done lots of Jigsaw puzzles and have very much enjoyed doing them. However we find the new release very frustrating and, sadly, are very close to stop using it.  Why did you take such a backwards step?  Could it be that our iPads are more than two years old?  I hope you will fix this problem soon so that we can once again enjoy Jigsaw.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 20, 11, 45, 1), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'FUN APP!', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Dennie822', 'review': 'Great app, beautiful pictures, wish there\nwere a few more free ones for those on a\nvery limited income. I really like how it makes a \'soft\' click sound when the piece is in place as opposed to other\napps that are so LOUD. I don\'t see how \npeople are doing the puzzles with a great\nnumber of pieces, I have a 6s+ iPhone screen and can\'t see that many. Maybe they are doing puzzles in "parts", or are on a laptop or pc, which I should try before saying that. I have found that of\nlate that the puzzles are VERY slow to\nload, and the free daily puzzle one loads\nin the small area to show you what it is\nfor the day, but your app eventually shows a ‘broken’ network in broad stripes, so I have missed out on a good number of them since December to\nbe able to complete for my ‘gallery’. Also, \nsome of the puzzles show piece lines \neven tho I have checked and rechecked\nthat this is not to be shown, a glitch that\nshould be rectified soon as this too, has\nbeen a problem for some time now.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 30, 21, 11, 21), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'MY PASTIME MENTAL HEALTH', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Brenrick31', 'review': 'I am a nurse and a psychologist...most of the neurological research applauds the mental discipline of doing puzzles. Instead of staring off into space without engaging my mind in the mental gymnastics of form, texture and color, puzzles creates a creatively busy quite to the neural pathways.\nWhat I like about Puzzles is that you can make it more and more complicated if you wish. As you find your “zone” of complexity comfort, putting puzzles together becomes very enjoyable and mentally stimulating. Secondly, when you are finished the puzzle choice of pictures, art, still life, photographic s are truly beautiful. So rather than just discard them I have begun a small area o'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 9, 17, 55, 36), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'DD', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Teacher2kidz', 'review': "So many great puzzles to choose from. I don't like to go more than 100 pieces though, the pieces and board get too small.\n\nWith one of your latest updates I discovered that I can no longer listen to Pandora when I work on a puzzle. I know you have a music option but I prefer to listen to my choice of music. I find I don't choose the puzzle option as often as I used to because it turns off my music. I've been very disappointed with. That change. \nDo you ever respond back to reviews? I would like to get rid of that update."}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 10, 17, 39, 4), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love Jigsaw Puzzle, BUT .....', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'nanepink', 'review': 'I really love this puzzle, but lately it is extremely hard to access the app. It will start to open and then disappear, not even finishing the green loading line. This is happening way, way too often (sometimes days in a row) and very disappointing to say the least. \nThere have been a few App Updates meanwhile, but this issue was not addressed or solved. \nWhat is going on ??? \nPlease work on that asap, because I also bought some puzzles within the app, which I cannot access. \nThank you much, Christiane'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 7, 24, 4, 1, 53), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This app is not worth it', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 24164704, 'body': "Thanks for reporting an inappropriate ad. At MobilityWare, we have strict guidelines that don't allow political, sexual, religious, or violent content in ads. We proactively block these, but sometimes one can slip through. Please Contact Us from within the app's Settings with a screenshot of the ad so we can work to remove it. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-07-27T20:41:48Z'}, 'userName': 'livewell100', 'review': 'I’ve been using this app for a few years. I deleted it today when an ad came up in the middle of me doing the puzzle. The ads have increased quite a bit during the years of using it and now it’s just not worth it. I’m off to find a better app. If you look at the answers that the developers provide it shows clearly that they could care less about their users and care more about their agenda.  And their answers are always the same…contact us and we’ll take care of it.  This is your contact!  There are enough negative reviews on this crappy app that you should use this information to make improvements on your ads.  And the content of your ads are crappy too.  Some of them are sexually inappropriate!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 16, 40, 33), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Grateful', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'justjoan47', 'review': 'As a puzzle lover and having two cats, thank you! No more scattered pieces! The puzzles are gorgeous with so many choices. Keep up the good work! Best game ever!!\n\nUpdate: I pay for no ads. So the makers of this app advertises incessantly. Sick to death of closing the constant self promotion. Which I am never interested in. I have so many puzzle packs I’ll never do them all. Sometimes I see a new one I like by checking the free puzzle for the day. Otherwise, please, please slow down the ridiculous amount of promotions. I go to this app different times during the day. Have to close them all each time. Comin and going!!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 0, 27, 12), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'New updates are not user friendly', 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19703552, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-11T18:31:45Z'}, 'userName': 'simplifylife29', 'review': 'I don’t know what prompted the changes, but please reconsider the changes that have been made.  It was so much better when there were a multi-tray option.  Having only one tray to put pieces in kind of defeats the purpose of sorting pieces.  I might as well leave them all on the table.  Having 3 or 4 trays to sort pieces into for various sections of the puzzle made solving much more organized.  Also, I used to be able to turn my iPad in a landscape position. Now I have to have the iPad in a vertical or portrait position and it is much harder to use.  Please put the game back like it was.  I don’t even want to play it as much now.'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 6, 18, 58, 38), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Overly marketed & monetized', 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17812579, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-980301 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-09-10T22:02:41Z'}, 'userName': 'Paperfldr', 'review': 'I’ve played this app for 7 years, and it used to be fun. Now, I’m bombarded with multiple pop up ads every time I click on something outside of playing a puzzle. They’ve reduced the number of puzzle packs that can be redeemed with bonus points to a mere 28 (out of >750 packs that used to be largely available for this purpose). \n\nIt’s all about getting you to spend money. \n\nI’m willing to spend a little $ to eliminate ads, but there does not seem to be a way to do this (despite multiple inquiries to customer service). And recently, they stripped me of ~3500 bonus points when I created an account to connect devices. Oh well... there‘s hardly anything worth spending those points on anymore!'}, {'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 3, 18, 53, 6), 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many ads, not enough table space for tiles', 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18948934, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-11-06T19:30:15Z'}, 'userName': 'Jbarbe1234', 'review': 'I have purchased puzzles but still have multiple ads for new games to deal with. Please offer a paid app that is forever free of ads. If I am interested in other game  apps I can easily avail myself. \n\nPlease bring back the spacious table that allowed plenty of space to organize puzzle/tile pieces. The trays are a deficit since they hide pieces from view. I prefer to view all pieces at once for quicker organization of shapes and ability to solve puzzles much quicker. \n\nRecently the app was crashing. I would start it up, but it would quickly close. I had to delete the app and redownload from the store. All of my prior puzzle packs were recoverable, but the fact that many objectives and puzzle packs were completed was totally lost. The new download also presented with smaller table space.\n\nConstant pop ups pushing other games or puzzles as though I am not already buying puzzles. Also, when I am reminded that I have enough points for a purchase, I should be able to see all puzzles that are purchased with points. Instead I am directed to puzzles to purchase with money. Please change that.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Heuristic1', 'title': 'An annoying one inch strip from me', 'review': 'I have spent a lot of money buying puzzles and I thought it insulated me from ads. I have learned that it did not, but to date, none have been disruptive, annoying and substantially interfering with the pleasure of completing a jigsaw puzzle. The ads now include a one-inch ad strip across the bottom. You have reduced the screen size by over 16%. Moreover, you placed it where the user’s thumb can easily, inadvertently and often brush across the ad, activating it and disrupting the play. That is distracting and ultimately unacceptable. I will look for alternatives.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 12, 22, 18, 42)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16630653, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We've listened to player feedback and have added the option to hide the trays feature. Please open the in-game Settings and scroll to the very bottom to locate this option. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-14T22:05:02Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'tchs55', 'title': 'Why?', 'review': 'Mainly I enjoy this app a lot. But: Why do you make goals for me? Making that optional  for those who like that would be useful. Why are sorting trays not optional? Maybe some people appreciate them, but that feature uses space I could use for my own method of arranging pieces. Why so many interruptions between games to earn more credits? Now and then I might watch a few of the ads, but not when there are so many. I have bought a lot of packs over the years and continue to like your offerings, but mostly I just want to play and not have what you may think are intended to be enhancements.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 9, 15, 55, 3)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16320892, 'body': "Hi Susan, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-948449 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-06-30T21:58:25Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Susan in Miami', 'title': 'I Used to adore this game and always rated it 5 stars.', 'review': 'Update: For a while the problems I had below were corrected but NOW unless I commit to play Trivia Pursuit I can NOT access any of my jigsaw puzzles that I paid for. I am furious because during this pandemic the puzzles help me relax and yet I am locked out because I don’t want to play a game presented to me!\n\nWith the last update or two I am forced to see games of every type and if I inadvertently touch these images I am forced to watch lights  and sounds I don’t want or need. I didn’t mind spending money on puzzle packs, until now. Until I am given the chance to opt out of all of these unwanted additions, I will not purchase another puzzle pack. I would like to delete the game all together but I used to really enjoy these relaxing puzzles.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 26, 12, 0, 59)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 8559949, 'body': "Hi Gina92563, I am sorry to hear that you have not had a great experience due to the advertisements. Our ad policy was designed so that all ads in the game should be short and very easy to close. It sounds like you may have seen a broken ad and we'd like to get more information to get that removed from the ad network for you! Please do not hesitate to Contact Us if you see any broken ads in the future. With more detailed information and a screenshot, our Technical Support team will be able to more accurately assist you!", 'modified': '2019-05-07T18:55:40Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Gina92563', 'title': 'Don’t buy this game', 'review': 'After you’ve purchased a considerable amount of puzzles, you will be held hostage with advertisements you cannot simply click an x on. You will be forced to wait through the painstakingly long ad OR set your phone down and walk away to come back and hopefully find an x to click OR you’ll have timed out and have to start over with more ad torture. It’s ridiculous. I’ve contacted them and there is no resolve as yet. I’m hoping they correct this issue because other than that, I’d give this five stars for sure!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 2, 2, 48, 59)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 13882479, 'body': "Hi Karen, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! Unfortunately, I was unable to locate your support tickets. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-893815 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-05T23:02:39Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Morningstar53', 'title': 'Puzzle', 'review': 'I enjoy Jigsaw Puzzle daily.  I like the updates/changes that have been made.  I cannot seem to open my previous years free puzzle packs to re work them.  I have contacted you several times about this.  I was told to uninstall the app and reinstall it. However I have like 40 puzzles going on ,  I enjoy working various when ever I feel,  I need to know if I uninstall the app will I loose my current puzzles being worked on, no one has gotten back to me on this,  I have written about 4 different messages regarding this.  I hope to get a response on this.  Thanking you in advance\nKaren Morningstar', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 3, 20, 37, 34)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'shelleedean', 'title': 'Sad', 'review': 'I have loved this puzzle app for several years now, but the last couple of updates have been disappointing. Three times I have lost all accumulated points, but the worst part is that the daily puzzle disappears into the netherland!   All I’m left with is an empty puzzle board. Cannot go back “home” to work on open puzzles unless actually shut tablet off. Have uninstalled/reinstalled ( which is where the points loss comes in), but frustrated to have lost all the saved and purchased puzzles. I hope this will be temporary.  I love the daily puzzle...a great mind relaxing opportunity. But right now its just another frustration I need to set aside.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 10, 14, 48, 57)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 9214007, 'body': 'Hello, Thanks for playing and for your review. I am very sorry that you have been experiencing these issues and I want to apologize for the inconvenience that they\'ve caused you. Unfortunately, I cannot locate your support message after searching our database for "captainsaywhatnow", however, I wanted to let you know that our team is hard at work trying to get the game back to how you know and love it. We truly appreciate your patience during this time and please do not hesitate to Contact Us once more if you have any additional questions or concerns!', 'modified': '2019-06-17T20:49:33Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'captainsaywhatnow', 'title': 'Unsolved Issues', 'review': 'I have been considerably upset with this App recently. I have twice now tried to contact support about the fact that for some of my puzzles, when I tap the pieces they disappear, and for others even though I have the rotation of pieces activated, they will not turn so that I can place them in correctly. The response I have gotten when contacting support is the exact same both times, and it is not solving my actual problem. I really want to love this app, because it seems to allow for the highest amount of pieces you can have in the App Store, and the free puzzles are wonderful, but I cannot enjoy it if I can’t even use it. I really hope this is fixed so I can change my review.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 12, 2, 25, 4)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'RRW450695', 'title': 'Restore the scatter feature!', 'review': 'I would have given this a 5 star rating, but since a recent update the scatter feature no longer spreads out all the pieces in a flat layer. Instead, they are in clumps, meaning I have to spread them all out manually before I can begin. I loved this app in its prior format because it allowed me to quickly start solving the puzzle.  This is my favorite app, but I don’t play as often as I used to just because of the hassle.  Not sure how anyone would consider the current feature an improvement!  Please restore!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 14, 13, 34, 31)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 8452309, 'body': "Thank you for reaching out, maykkkkkkkkk , and I am very sorry to hear you're having so much trouble since the recent update. Our Support team would like to collect some further information from you and assist you in getting the game to work properly again! Please reach out to us via Game Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and provide a brief description of the issue you're encountering. You can also reference review #503964 so we know your inquiry is tied to this review. We look forward to hearing from you and helping you address this troublesome issue!", 'modified': '2019-04-30T16:12:12Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'maykkkkkkkkk', 'title': 'Frustrated with need to connect to internet', 'review': 'Over the years, yes years! I’ve had this app I’ve purchased a lot of puzzle packs and downloaded them to my iPad.  Recently nearly every time I want to do a puzzle I get a message saying there is no connection.  BUT THERE IS!  Besides that I paid and downloaded these puzzles!  Once on my iPad I should be able to do a puzzle even when I am not connected to the internet. Which is part of what I liked about this app. I did receive a response once and I could do puzzles until the next update.  Since then no response.  I’d delete the app if I hadn’t already spent so much.  Some puzzles will load others need internet connection.  This is nuts!  Since there is no response I’m giving a poor review.  Maybe then this will get fixed!!!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 24, 12, 4, 27)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'jpete07', 'title': 'Update is Terrible!', 'review': 'I used to love this app, but since the last update it is awful. The play area is now so small that you can’t organize the pieces. The pieces are so far out of the play area that trying to drag them from the edges pulls up different screens on my iPad. Also, dragging the pieces is now so difficult! Instead of putting your finger directly on the piece, it feels like you have to keep your finger off to one side of the piece. Makes it incredibly hard now that pieces are stacked on pieces due to the smaller playing area. Trash the update!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 2, 26, 4)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Kate/Kmom', 'title': 'Fun, Fun. and more FUN!', 'review': 'I have always enjoyed doing puzzles.  With this app I can take them wherever I go and never worry about losing any pieces!  I love doing the free daily ones.  The themes always change. I also love the option to change the number of pieces to the puzzle.  This way my Grandchildren can also play with me and enjoy this app too.  This app is great when you get stuck at Drs office for appointment.  A great way to entertain yourself while helping to pass time.  I would definitely suggest this app if you are a frequent flyer.  I LOVE the fun I have playing on this app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 9, 16, 4, 22)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'mrs rayge', 'title': 'Paying double—rip off. BEWARE', 'review': 'I’ve been meaning to leave a 5 star review because I’ve used this app for years and have always loved it. However, after the most recent update, I saw that ads were added and the option to create a puzzle from your own photo was no longer available without “upgrading”. \nDespite having spent a bit of money in this app (I’ve purchased quite a few puzzle packs over the years), I now had to pay $4.99 if I wanted to do my puzzles without ads, ugh! \nWhat makes it worse it that, when I came to see if anyone else was disgruntled by the changes in the new version, I realized I must have paid to remove ads a long time ago!!!  Now it appears I will have to spend my down time calling to see if I can get money back—not cool!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 11, 5, 3, 56, 58)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'TimelessDancer', 'title': 'Love the puzzles...new feature annoying', 'review': 'I’ve been playing and enjoying this app for years and usually like any improvement the developers make plus all the options to change settings is awesome.  Note to developers: I would love to be able to turn off the relatively new feature of final piece zoom out and animation. Find it annoying because as I start to move the final piece I have to stop and wait for it to finish when I was on a roll quickly putting the final pieces in. I do not find it helpful or fun at all.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 26, 20, 59, 24)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Original_Glitch', 'title': 'Power hog & adverts', 'review': "This is an enjoyable app. I particularly like being able to use my own photos as a puzzle (a paid feature). However, be aware that this app really eats up the battery on your iPad (mine is an iPad Air 2). I understand that the app/screen is on for extended periods but other apps manage to do the same without sapping all my power. Battery life may be only an hour or two. Don't plan on doing a puzzle on a long flight or anywhere else you lack the ability to charge your device. \n\nAlso, be aware that paying to eliminate adverts doesn't stop the pop-ups from the puzzle store inviting you to buy more puzzles. I find this annoying.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 9, 7, 19, 0, 51)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 16938781, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-07-28T22:34:31Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Shield9mm', 'title': 'They’ve changed', 'review': 'This has always been my favorite app and I’ve been playing it for years. However, I’m considering another app due to the puzzle purchase policy changing. You earn coins by signing in and completing puzzles. I used to be able to use those coins to buy 90% of the packs, but now most you have to purchase directly. I’d say less than 5% can be purchased by coins now. It’s ridiculous and now there’s no incentive to earn the coins anymore. Unless this changes soon I will be searching for a new app. I used to recommend this to everyone, but people need to be aware of this and steer clear if they don’t want to spend money.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 8, 3, 22, 43, 6)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Valtier72', 'title': 'Long time player', 'review': 'I love the app but there are some things that need work. 1.) I hate when the puzzle piece you last touched disappears behind all the other pieces. This messes up my work-flow as sometimes I like to work without separating the pieces. It doesn’t always do this but sometimes during the middle of play the pieces start hiding and I can’t figure out how to make it stop. 2.) I hate when you have a big grouping of pieces together and you touch it wrong and the whole group spins. Once you get a couple of pieces together upright they shouldn’t spin. 3.) I agree with whoever said the tray is useless.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 7, 22, 22, 27)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 20047325, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-28T22:20:48Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'userName': '4trays!', 'title': 'Bring back multiple trays!', 'review': 'This would be a 5 star review if they hadn’t changed it to have only 1 tray instead of being able to add up to 4 trays. When doing a puzzle over 200 pieces on your phone (or tablet), you can’t keep all the pieces on your screen, so you need to sort them into “piles” then focus on one pile at a time. With only 1 tray, you have to sort, empty them all back on the board then sort again, then empty again. It wastes a lot of time in re-sorting into the tray. I don’t know what the thinking was in getting rid of the option to add additional trays, but it definitely lowered my experience of this app, which I otherwise enjoy immensely.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 23, 16, 12, 6)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 19329830, 'body': "Hi there, Thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:07:26Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'sB048', 'title': 'Recent changes', 'review': 'I really don’t like the new changes with the options on the side and a blank useless area on the bottom. I used the bottom space that is partially blank now to sort my pieces as I don’t like the trays. This brought my review down to a 3 when it would have been a five.\n\nUpdating my review to a 5. The blank area on the bottom is only an issue with some of the old puzzles in progress that have been saved for later. The new puzzles work just fine. I really enjoy the variety of puzzles available.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 9, 58, 17)}, {'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Kricket_R', 'title': 'Not all changes make sense', 'review': 'I’ve played this puzzle app for years, purchased lots of puzzle packs, and I think it is the best puzzle app available. But some recent changes are annoying and/or make no sense.  For example, the actions are now on the right and have to be expanded each time I want to peek, or anything else, because otherwise the menu is huge and in the way. Before this, I could leave it up at the bottom while I played. Super annoying!!!! \n\nI noticed also that all of my already-started puzzles have a big line down the right side cutting off much of the play space.  What the heck??\n\nI’m also tired of all the ads, banners I have to click off, extra coin offers I have to cancel, etc. I’ve put a fair amount of money in this app, and will most likely keep buying puzzles. I don’t need, nor do I want, all the extra crap. I just want to work my puzzles.  The absence of all the extraneous bs is what drew me to this app in the first place.\n\nSo, before these recent changes, I would’ve given it 5 stars. But now it’s virtually unplayable. Seriously, what were you thinking?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 22, 19, 9, 32)}, {'developerResponse': {'id': 17546107, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We've listened to player feedback and have added the option to hide the trays feature. Please open the in-game Settings and scroll to the very bottom to locate this option. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-08-27T22:02:17Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Noyb3', 'title': 'Nonstop ads', 'review': 'I have had this app for years and I play it almost daily.  The recent upgrade has made it less fun to play.  I agree with another reviewer, the trays are annoying and take up valuable space.   most importantly, there are now so many pop ads, pushing you to buy puzzle packs, or telling you about your “progress.”  I don’t care!  They must have changes something in the performance because now there is a loading bar that didn’t exist before, which only calls attention to the fact that it now takes longer to load. I just want to do my puzzles In Peace.  Researching other puzzle apps now.  They are taking away my enjoyment and causing irritation instead.  Keep it simple!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 23, 13, 12, 35)}, {'review': 'I can’t say enough good things about this app. It allows you to select the number of pieces and rotation on or off to satisfy nearly every desired level of complexity. The images are crisp and well-curated, with something for (nearly) everyone. The variety of images and difficulty levels means that you can go from relaxing to mind boggling in the same app. I was introduced to this while spending hours in a medical waiting room. I no longer mind the waiting.  It’s also great for entertaining children.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 11, 27, 41), 'userName': 'FrancesATL', 'developerResponse': {'id': 15422149, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-05-19T14:46:25Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'A perfect puzzle for every mood'}, {'review': 'Unless you like substandard puzzles don’t waste your time or money. I’ve owned this game for years. I have been saving coins for a long time. When I went to spend those coins I discovered I could only buy puzzle that were not interesting. They chose the worse puzzles and said you can only buy these with your coins. The rewards are a joke. Also those substandard puzzles cost more than if you purchase the puzzle packs. It wasn’t like that in the beginning. Bad business. Or and there are the adds you have to click out of. They advertised if you buy our product no commercials. No like the rest but ads none the less.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 26, 17, 59, 32), 'userName': 'chitchot1', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16938814, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-07-28T22:39:53Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Coins'}, {'review': 'A free puzzle of the day is awesome!  I upgraded so now I can use any of my photos to make a puzzle. And there are so many different puzzle sets in the puzzle store!  Love it!\n\nUpdate:  My 82 year old mother is now using the app too. She just works the free puzzle of the day. She loves it too!\n\nUpdate 3 years later:  This is still my favorite App, but I DO NOT like all the  pop ups that come up now when you finish a puzzle or when you begin a puzzle. I thought with no ads I would not be bothered with all that. Some people may like all these gimmicks but I would like to be able to turn those off!', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 21, 19, 26, 20), 'userName': 'JoSam22', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16838617, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-23T21:18:11Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love this app!'}, {'review': 'I especially enjoy the free daily puzzles, because each new day brings a surprise. The pieces move smoothly, and only stick in the right places; that is a big deal. The very minor thing I have noticed: rarely, a piece will not go into a tray, but under it. The other thing I would like to see is silly, but I would like to enlarge a finished puzzle and enjoy a look before it closes. I recommend doing the objectives if you want to be further challenged. Earn points to get free puzzles, or buy your favorite puzzle pack. Great app!', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 13, 13, 10, 1), 'userName': 'NaptownMama', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great Variety of Puzzles'}, {'review': 'Maybe.\nI like the fact that you can acquire puzzles by points not only by buying them.\nIt’s a lovely pass time while you’re waiting at appointments or have spare time on your hands. I’m also surprised that you get the same satisfaction by the click of the pieces coming together as much as you would with the physical pieces when you find a fit, plus you don’t have to worry about space to make them or once it’s made where to put them.\nOverall very pleased with this pastime and the extreme variety of subjects.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 22, 15, 14, 37), 'userName': 'birdnerd01', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Addicted?'}, {'review': 'UPDATE: I opened the puzzles this afternoon and can’t play. Everything is jumping around, the puzzle gets larger then smaller without a prompt. It’s pretty impossible to use. Also I’m finished with the new table thingy. I don’t care if it’s there if I can hide it, but I’m tired of working around it. \n\nI spend hours on this app. I really love it; however, since the last update it seems that the picture that you can open to see the whole puzzle will not get as large as it used to. And I wanted it to get bigger before this change. Not happy with that. Really not happy with that. \nAlso, the scattered pieces go off the board now. \nI have had to downgrade my rating. Hopefully those things will be fixed.\n\nSeveral things were fixed since my last review; however I do not like the trays. They might be worth having, but only if I can make them disappear when I don’t want to use them. Also, I’d still like to be able to enlarge the preview picture without having to completely obscure the puzzle.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1, 23, 46, 51), 'userName': 'RebeccaBishop', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12691777, 'body': "Hi Rebecca, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-862510 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-01-02T17:51:52Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love it . . . but . . .'}, {'review': 'I have always loved jigsaw puzzles, and this app takes them to a whole new level.  Each picture can be set at a difficulty of 4 pieces to over a thousand, and the pieces can be jumbled directions or straight up.  I have been using this app for at least a couple of years now.  There was a period where things were a bit buggy, but the folks who write this are great at listening to issues and resolving them quickly, and I have not had an issue for months.  If you love puzzles, this is a great one.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 17, 13, 12, 27), 'userName': 'AnnieKrey', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Best App ever!'}, {'review': 'Love the app, use it almost every day. One thing I can’t stand about it is being blasted with the popups each and every time I open the app. Please eliminate this feature. You don’t need it to advertise your specials on puzzle packs as you already have them shown on the top banner...that is where I have always gone to shop for new puzzle packs. The popups are just annoying.\nUPDATE: Received developer response “Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team”.\nNEWS FLASH FOR DEVELOPER: Reviews are methods of contacting you with suggestions or feedback.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 21, 21, 58, 26), 'userName': 'GopherGuy22', 'developerResponse': {'id': 11336096, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding our in-app messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-10-18T20:39:29Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Please Eliminate Popups'}, {'review': 'The interface with the iPhone 11 ProMax is horrible.  \nI’ve waited a couple of weeks to write this review, hoping an update would fix it. On the 11, the puzzle pieces cannot be moved off the main puzzle board. Since all pieces must remain inside the main puzzle board, the pieces cannot be sorted. Additionally, the ad banner at the bottom of my screen cuts off half of the puzzle toolbar (view, scatter, pause, home, etc). The buttons are very difficult to access. After trying to play on the 11, I would switch, and play on my old phone and there was no problem. Only on the 11. Unfortunately, I’ve traded in the old phone, so it’s no longer an option. I hope the developers can fix this soon. I miss doing my daily puzzles.', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 6, 5, 28, 44), 'userName': 'Nspgr', 'developerResponse': {'id': 11107122, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble with the app on your device. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-813165 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-10-07T18:28:30Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Used to LOVE this app, but not on the iPhone11'}, {'review': 'This app has been getting worse and worse.  I’m a long time user, and if I hadn’t bought so many puzzle packs, I’d go elsewhere.  Bad enough it is constantly trying to get you to watch ads, but they have cut way down on the points for completing games, so much that it takes months of playing to earn a puzzle pack.  The latest insult is they won’t just let you X out the ads.  They make you wait 5 or 10 seconds before they make the “x” pop up.  All the enjoyment that came from playing this app is long gone.  Don’t make the same mistake I did - run away! Run away!  And run away FAST.  The worst kind of evil', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 15, 22, 14, 49), 'userName': 'Sophiewest7', 'developerResponse': {'id': 20537872, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2021-01-20T21:46:00Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Don’t believe the stars!!'}, {'review': 'This app used to be the best jigsaw puzzle app but it has since been overtaken by ads and all the features continue to change and not for the better. This used to be a simple pleasure but it’s ruined.\n\nCan I revert to a previous version, before monopoly? I have no idea if that is the cause of the problems but the change in the options menu has made it clunky and the tray is horrendous! Not sure if complaints were made and this was proposed as a solution but the app seems to be moving backwards. I’ve used this app for years and I’ve been through many changes which always kept my 5 star rating, though the uptick in ads has been quite frustrating. But this recent update is so bad, can you please rollback the updates?!', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 20, 42, 26), 'userName': 'DaisyDam3', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19602088, 'body': 'Hi there, we strive to provide all our players with the best possible game experience, so I’m sorry to hear that yours has not been great. Please don’t hesitate to use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us if you have any suggestions on how we can improve our game!', 'modified': '2020-12-07T22:13:26Z'}, 'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Used to be the best'}, {'review': 'I have been doing these and buying puzzles for a while now. I used to enjoy the high quality of all the pictures made into puzzles not just those I purchased.\n\nPro.  Some really beautiful puzzles\n\nPro.   Some nice sale prices\n\nCon.  Until recently once you completed a puzzle you had a moment to enjoy the completed puzzle without the puzzle lines and zig zag.  NOT anymore. I am not sure you can even save it anymore which had been an option.\n\nCon.  It seems there is a mix of already offered pictures. I can find the same picture in two or more places. \n\nREVISED\n\nAfter being contacted by the company I find that on of my complaints was of my own making. Had I read the updates and instructions I would have found I needed to uncheck something I had inadvertently checked. Kudos to Jigsaw for contacting me and addressing my unfounded  “con”. Thank you, Jigsaw.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 9, 1, 34, 47), 'userName': 'xamandaxx', 'developerResponse': {'id': 14575640, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to help and are glad to hear that you're back to enjoying the app! If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-09T21:07:39Z'}, 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It changed and I hate the change'}, {'review': 'OMG! This is such a good game! And a stress reliever! I was so nervous about my math test that I opened this app to do a puzzle and I was feeling better about myself! I thought if I could do an 81 piece puzzle, I can do a 30 question test. So I played this for a while and felt so much better. I would recommend this app to people who are under stress and want a break from something. I rate this five stars! SOOOOO GOOD!!!\n\nEdit: This game is a super good stress reliever and calms you down when you’re upset about something. I would 100% recommended this to everyone.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 26, 8, 38), 'userName': 'Glitter-Addiction101', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'This is such a good stress reliever!'}, {'review': 'I give it 4 stars because I like that I can choose the difficulty level by selecting the number of pieces to cut the puzzle into. Con: 1) Would be nice if players could also change the background color/contrast, as in many cases it would be easier to see the outline of the pieces. 2) I like to pick the larger quantity of pieces to increase the challenge...however, a side bar or much wider border would be nice to store all of those pieces while working the puzzle. Instead it is many piles of pieces that requires a lot of wasted time sorting through over and over until the majority are played.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 1, 3, 43, 1), 'userName': 'darp89', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Puzzle pieces'}, {'review': 'Thank you so much for these puzzles.  I am mostly home bound do to stress, PTSD, and depression.  This gives me something wonderful to help fill up the days, I am sure I would probably spend most of my time in bed if it were not for these.  I always wait until my husband is home to put in that last piece so he can see it, and with certain packs we try to guess where the places are.  One of my sons gave me an I-tunes card so I could buy puzzle packs, and not just wait for more free ones.  God bless you all, I can truly call you lifesavers.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 22, 1, 8, 55), 'userName': 'Cindysuewho2004', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Cynthia'}, {'review': 'Enjoyed these puzzles for a couple of years with no problems. After an update in October I could no longer access the website or any of my saved puzzles on my iPad. Contacted customer service and was told others also had the same problem and a new update would be out soon to correct the issue. Several weeks later an update was released with only minor changes to options. Finally deleted & downloaded program again. Lost all my saved puzzles.', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 9, 1, 50, 35), 'userName': 'GM216965', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great puzzles if they work!'}, {'review': 'I was really enjoying this ap and these puzzles. They gave just enough challenge to keep me interested. Since the latest update, I haven’t enjoyed it as much. It’s harder, and takes longer, to put the right pieces together. The two pieces must line up exactly before they’ll connect. Before the update, as long as they were almost touching, they would “jump” into place. With my hand obscuring a large part of the small puzzle pieces, and the pieces resisting the movement, I’ve gotten very frustrated. I’ll keep trying for a while but I’m not sure it’s worth the aggravation.', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 23, 24), 'userName': 'jewellfan', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great at the beginning'}, {'review': 'I wish the game developers hadn’t put in the blaring pop up notice at the beginning to advertise specials or other puzzles available for purchase.  Has no one ever clued them in to how annoying pop ups are?  I don’t think I’ll ever click on one.  I didn’t mind the scrolling banner at the top and checked out and sometimes bought an advertised pack. \n\nThat said, I do enjoy the puzzles and play one daily.  I have a suggestion.  How about letting players pick their own puzzles to put into a pack.  Say pick 30 for a certain price?  I often pass on purchasing a pack even though there might be a few puzzles that interest me because the rest don’t.  Just a thought.', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 2, 22, 31, 12), 'userName': 'Blj352614', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hate new version pop up notice'}, {'review': 'I love puzzles and the wide selection of puzzles is amazing. The ability to choose the amount of pieces is really nice because it works with both adults and children. I do agree with another review that after a few years there are too many similar puzzles. I love puzzles with lots of details but when a puzzle is all red it becomes more guessing than strategic. Prices on great considering the number of puzzles in a pack.\n\nUpdate: When I had a problem with this app they were totally non responsive. I did get an automated response but that was it. They need a puzzle pack that features puzzles with lots of detail. Wrapping paper puzzles do not interest me at all.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 30, 16, 54, 21), 'userName': 'gettysburg72', 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love it!'}, {'review': 'I have been incredibly happy with this app for three or four years, but the latest update, not so much. One of its best features is, or was, the scatter button. I used it to make sure all loose pieces were off the board (sometimes you can lose track of one and not see it among all the ones clicked in). And it worked fine as along as all other loose pieces were outside the borders. Well, that feature has been ‘improved’ but not for the better. Beware!  It now scatters ALL loose pieces all over the perimeter for no purpose I can readily imagine.  Bah!  At least you could better describe its new function or at least offer a ‘restore’ function.', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 5, 5, 59, 32), 'userName': "suky's world", 'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Review'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Loved and lost', 'review': 'Until this morning I thought this was the best five star game on my tablet, spent hundreds of hours on it when I was ill.  Today I went to spend my 7,000+ credits and found out ninety percent of the puzzles are now cash only.  I am so disappointed and truly feel that what was fun will no longer be.  I will probably finish the multitude puzzles I have bought in the past and say sayonara to this ap.  You we’re so great why spoil a good thing, you could have just made it so you had to have more credits to buy puzzles.', 'userName': 'keylargoplayer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 18, 16, 44, 37), 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 15451414, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! Player feedback is important for our development process! We are constantly reevaluating and readjusting pricing and packs available for purchase with Credits. We appreciate you sharing your feedback regarding current pricing. Please email support@mobilityware.com if you have questions or concerns for our team!', 'modified': '2020-05-20T17:57:13Z'}}, {'isEdited': True, 'title': 'I will happily buy the pre-update version!', 'review': 'When the trays were added this became the best possible jigsaw puzzle app. I’ve worked hundreds of puzzles and bought many packages but now I’ve lost interest in it. The trays made it possible to play a 1000 piece puzzle on a tablet. The new tray is worse than useless since  all the pieces are on it and you have to look at them one by one. The new options menu is terrible. Much too big! Opening, closing, opening, closing it. You can’t leave it open along the bottom any more. Since it takes up too much of the already limited space you have to keep closing it! Anything with more than 300 pieces is almost impossible to play on a tablet. I’m so sorry you made all the changes. I used to love this app.', 'userName': '1234 kaye', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 30, 17, 10, 44), 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19329841, 'body': 'Thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-11-24T22:08:12Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Once my favorite game app', 'review': "I try to play every day. It is great to have jigsaw puzzles you can take with you. I can't mess with real jigsaws any more- too awkward, and the cats try to help.\n \nThat was my first review, which was a five star rating. I’ve down-graded my review two stars because I have had to buy this program three times. The first time I considered $4.99 a reasonable price to get rid of the strobing ads. Then my iPad was stolen. I was able to reload other games. Not this one. Then it locked up. Had to throw it away and reload it again. I like the game, but not enough to keep forking out $5 over and over.\n\nLoyalty should go both ways.\n\nOkay. They keep asking for a review. Here is another one. Has this app been taken over by someone only interested in squeezing money out of its players? I still like the puzzles, but I am not happy that most of the puzzle packs now cost real dollars instead of prize coins. I am frustrated that there are no more 4-piece puzzles, but the objective requiring them is still on my list.", 'userName': 'OKfirecat', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 26, 16, 31, 30), 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 18812250, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-10-30T18:33:52Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Seriously?', 'review': 'For the most part I’m a fan - I love doing the puzzles and the flexibility I have in terms of size and piece rotation.  I am not, however, enough of a fanatic to pay over $100 for an annual subscription to get rid of ads.  I did upgrade a couple of years ago to allow for making my own puzzles and some different backgrounds.  So I was pleasantly surprised recently to get a pop up allowing me to turn off ads for 30 days.  Imagine my surprise, however, when I was all set to download a daily puzzle only to find out I had to watch an ad to be able to do it.  Not happy at all with the force fed marketing.  Truly, there is no free lunch.  Guess I won’t be downloading any new puzzles for 30 days.', 'userName': 'Lbrasure', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 5, 15, 45, 56), 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17193197, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-965767 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-08-10T16:49:51Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Still love this app', 'review': 'My husband and I have been enjoying this app for many years and we still do and so does everyone else We have introduced it to.  It’s addictive!  It’s great while waiting in airports, while on the plane, waiting at the doctors office, while watching TV, etc etc.  A fun way to exercise your brain.  Sometimes, I wish there was an option for the edge pieces to scatter to the sides like the puzzle pieces do after you finish the frame, and please remove the game option in the beginning of the puzzle.  Very annoying!', 'userName': 'Love tulips', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 6, 8, 20, 47), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Life’s too short', 'review': 'This used to be my favorite jigsaw puzzle.  Not any more!  A few months ago, the designers got greedy.  Now every time I open the app or start a new puzzle, I have to endure over two minutes of ads. One 30-second ad will end, and another immediately starts.  One of them even has a countdown clock starting at 60 seconds.  The ads are for their games.  One does not have to watch an animated finger playing the game for 30 seconds to decide not to buy it.  Stupid marketing.  Good marketing doesn’t annoy the viewer.', 'userName': 'MN Boss', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 5, 6, 14, 45, 19), 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 3401634, 'body': 'Hello MN Boss,\n\nThank you for playing Jigsaw Puzzle!\n\nOur ad policy was created so that users will never be disrupted. Ads should be short, simple to close and only appear before the start of a puzzle. We ask that users Contact Us using the Help & Support page if they are experiencing technical issues with advertisements. I hope that you will send us a message with more information so that we can fix this problem of long ads for you!', 'modified': '2018-05-08T20:58:56Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Was great but ads have greatly increased and degrade the experience', 'review': 'When I first downloaded this app, it was great. Fun puzzles. Great for plane rides, I loved it.  \n\nOne of the recent releases has added not only ad popups before everything which drive me crazy. Example, puzzle already in progess....I open it to work on it and an ad pops up and I have to watch the video to work a puzzle.  Likewise everytime you change screens an ad pops up.  If I only had 5 min to work a puzzle waiting for my kid, you just ate up 25% of that time. \n\nAlso, now there is a persistent ad at the bottom of the screen which can no longer be dismissed.  So the area to work the puzzle on my ipad is now too small for me to see the pieces well.  \n\nOn top of all this it appears there is no way to upgrade to go ad free and get rid of the ads. There is a “pro” version but your purchases don’t port over and I have seen reviews indicating it still has tons of popups so I’m unlikely to spend $16 for it.  \n\nSo, for now, its unplayable for me until at a minimum the persistent ad bar at the bottom of the screen is removed', 'userName': 'PlutoGirl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 13, 21, 38, 10), 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 14715675, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the ads in the app. Please consider that our studio relies on revenue from ads to fund the development of our free games and updates. Ads should be simple to close after a short timer, but please Contact Us and let us know if you see a broken ad so our team can get it fixed right away!", 'modified': '2020-04-16T21:07:27Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Review', 'review': 'The puzzles are great!!!  However the constant deluge of pop up ads is NOT!!!  VERY ANNOYING.  It’s bad enough they pop up all the time but you cannot delete or “X” out without waiting for a clock to expire — up to 1 minute. Pop ups are bad enough but forcing you to watch and not be able to “X” out is too much. There never used to be this many and for such long durations. Very disappointing.  Hence the low rating above — strictly because of all the pop ups. Also not able to give low rating. Won’t allow you to send. Also constant movement of puzzle board is annoying. Should be able to move puzzle pieces without constant movement of board. Should be in a fixed position. Love doing puzzles but all these issues make me lose interest quickly.', 'userName': 'Disappointed puzzle fan', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 22, 14, 25, 31), 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 11426731, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble with your play area. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-821297 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-10-23T15:43:42Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bad, bad bad', 'review': 'I played this for years and enjoyed it. But every time they do an update it gets worse and is now totally unusable. The have a promise of free credits towards puzzle packs that hasn’t worked for months. If you contact them about it, they say they’re aware it doesn’t work, but we will give you free credits for your inconvenience. Needless to say I’ve never received the credits. The game sticks and you can’t move pieces. If someone else in the family buys a puzzle pack all under one account,  it no longer shows up for everyone to use, which they are calling a glitch. Three times asked for refunds. No response. They close out help tickets without doing anything but asking questions that were answered in the initial help request. Don’t waste your time.', 'userName': 'Sky1023', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 3, 23, 47, 29), 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 8576927, 'body': "Thank you for taking the time to write us a review, Sky1023! I am sorry to hear you're having trouble with not being able to receive free credits, the game sticking, and not being able to share packs with family members via the same account. We would like to address each issue you've brought up! Please reach out to Support via Settings, Help & Support, Contact Us and refer to your review (Sky1023) so we know your issues are related to this review. We look forward to assisting you!", 'modified': '2019-05-08T16:58:25Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'It was much better before the last update.', 'review': 'The puzzle pieces used to be visible when scattered but now they are hanging off the edges of the puzzle frame causing you to move the entire frame back and forth to find all of the pieces. Having to move the frame around often causes the app to close or shrink. Please go back to the way it was, with all the pieces within the frame of the puzzle. Also, go back to having a large picture of the puzzle when it is completed. The whole reason for completing a puzzle is to enjoy seeing it completed. It’s not rewarding to see such a tiny finished picture with no way to enlarge it.', 'userName': 'NMGrandma', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 11, 56, 41), 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Desperate tricks', 'review': 'I only downloaded this app so I could write this review.  I have a game that this app runs advertisements on quite frequently, which wouldn’t normally be a big deal.  However, these developers made their ad such that you can not exit out of it!  My first issue is that there was no “x” button to close it until you tap somewhere on the screen, which instantly pulls up the App Store to download it.  When you close the App Store pop up, there is a small “x” that appears in the top right corner of the screen.  I tapped on the “x” and the screen immediately around it went grey, registering the tap, and the ad did not close.  Almost every time this ad comes up I am forced to restart the app that I actually want to be spending time on.  I am not impressed.', 'userName': 'StormingReviews', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 13, 6, 1, 35), 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 6469255, 'body': 'Hello,\n\nWhile our advertisements may appear on other apps, we are not in control of the way that they are displayed. I recommend that you contact Support for the app that you are playing so that they can handle this issue for you in their application. We hope that you will reconsider your star rating and that you will give our game a fair chance in the future!', 'modified': '2018-12-19T21:58:53Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Tim', 'review': 'Thoroughly enjoy this app.  Has a lot of free puzzles to start you on.  I love having the choice of how difficult you want your puzzle to be. With this feature, not only I can play, but also my Grandchildren can play.  The colors are very sharp.  Have many more puzzle packs you can buy at a reasonable price.  I do wish that after we start a puzzle, we would have the option to cancel it if we change our mind about doing it. Wish there were larger puzzles such as 1000 piece puzzles. Thank you for this great puzzle app.', 'userName': 'Timsid2', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 15, 5, 48, 13), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Use to be great but then...', 'review': 'Users now are forced to wait through 3 video ads, two of which are long (plus a banner ad throughout the game). One ad is up to 60 seconds long. I didn’t mind the banner ad at the bottom of the screen and a 5-10 second ad for a game, after which I could close the ad. Then they added a a third, much longer ad and extended another ad. That’s 3 video ads plus the banner before you can begin play.  As much as I like this game on my iPad, I’m going to uninstall it if this doesn’t get better soon.', 'userName': 'Blues Junkie', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 5, 11, 8, 12), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Too many ads', 'review': 'I’ve enjoyed this app for a long time now. I purchased it, to be ad-free, and then it crashed. So, I tried to reload it, but only got the free version. I didn’t fret it because it was just a single, short ad. That’s the way I’ve been enjoying this daily puzzle ever since (@ 2 years). However, these past several weeks, the ads have gotten out of control. There’s still the single short ad, followed by video ad that was at first short but has gotten longer. Then, they added another ad after the video. This morning was the straw: after 5 ads and waiting more than 3 minutes to do a quick puzzle, I gave up. I’m finding another puzzle to go with my morning thing coffee.', 'userName': 'TJazer', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 19, 17, 19, 6), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Challenging', 'review': "Was hooked on sudoku until I found Jig Saw Puzzles.  Very convenient to have it on the iPad.  I remember the days when I had to give up the dining room table and hope the cats don't make off with a piece.  The harder the better for me.  Love the daily freebie puzzle.  Have several collections.  Now I'm hooked on this.  Excellent and challenging!  I like getting to choose how many pieces to choose.  The thing I do not like is having free puzzles downloaded for me and I am not able to delete them when I am done.  It uses too much storage.", 'userName': '3509Annette', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 15, 20, 32, 47), 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12956811, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app and thank you for the feedback. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-01-16T16:26:31Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Not fun anymore', 'review': 'I have been playing this game for years. Every night it has been my go to way to relax. Today I just deleted the game. The recent change that requires a 30sec video ad every time you select a puzzle to do along with the pop ups wanting you to buy this or watch another ad have ruined the experience.  I liked collecting the stars to win puzzle packs and now there are only a few available with points. I know revenue is needed from ads, I play another game with 3 to 5 second ads which I actually watch because I know I can close the pop up as soon as it is done.  The longer ad is ignored and I put iPad down to rest my eyes. There are many people who will never pay for coins or gimmicks.  I will find another jigsaw game.', 'userName': 'trk4321', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 29, 12, 43, 30), 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 20886361, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-02-05T17:10:11Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Ad software is the worst!', 'review': 'Updating my review:  the latest update is terrible!  Where is the sorting tray????  The ads are popping up between EVERYTHING. Everything I do now takes more steps.  Once again seriously thinking about not playing this anymore.  It has become too frustrating!\n\nI play this a lot.  The problem is that the ad software (yes I understand ads to keep the game free) is horrible.  It periodically causes the game to crash (and lose the last couple of pieces I put in) and has caused my iPad to lock up.  I have been reduced to playing with WiFi turned off. When I get frustrated enough I quit playing for long periods of time.  It has been fixed before but comes back.', 'userName': 'Sewmama5', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 6, 21, 21, 58), 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19679966, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-10T19:09:57Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Updates', 'review': 'I just deleted my favorite puzzle game. \n1) When there is an update to the game I often have an ad that freezes the game. This is the only app I have where this happens. I can only unfreeze it by restarting my iPad. A few days ago there was another update. The game froze today on the ad. I was not able to clear it by restarting the iPad. There was no “X” to close the ad. I had to delete the game. \n2) Some of the updates change things. I’m sure it is meant to improve the game. There were trays added for one update. I don’t use them & they take up space.  \nThank you.    Sandy A', 'userName': 'Bluestarr.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 6, 14, 53, 47), 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13947980, 'body': "Hi Bluestarr., thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We want to get this ad issue straightened out for you right away! If an ad has frozen then you can force close your app to clear it. Next, we'd ask you to submit an in-game message with your ID MW-895764 via Settings » Help & Support » Contact Us. This will let our Support team get the info they need to properly assist you! Additionally, we recently released an update that features an option to remove Sorting Trays through the game's Settings if you'd prefer to play without them. I sincerely hope that you'll reconsider deleting the game and provide our Support team with the opportunity to assist you!", 'modified': '2020-03-09T20:23:54Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Why did you guys ruin this?', 'review': 'I loved doing these puzzles and have purchased many. I strongly dislike the scatter thing, the fact I can no longer lock my screen as easily. And there is this music that plays, constantly, and the ONLY way I can find to turn it off, is by deleting the app. My music is Off, but yet after an ad runs music starts playing. There is NO way to turn it off, I’m sorry, I absolutely hate this latest update. You ruined a good app. Oh and when I reinstall the app, 80% of my purchased and finished puzzles, are gone. So very disappointed.  Please put it back and what is that god awful music and how do you make it STOP???? And unbelievably no matter what nickname I pick, it’s already used. So guess it’s next to impossible to leave a review.', 'userName': '12983627541', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 5, 9, 1), 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13146955, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-874765 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-01-27T23:23:00Z'}}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Mobility Ware jigsaw puzzles', 'review': 'I used to like this app very much. It was recently revised. I tried to buy new puzzles with my credits.  I was unable to do so. I gave up and tried to purchase the puzzle Mellow Yellow.  I was charged. The puzzle never arrived. I followed the instructions and sent in a screenshot.  Never heard anything back. Now this morning I did not receive my daily free puzzle. Yesterday’s puzzle is still there. \n\nThis company is unresponsive.  They have taken a good, reliable, fun experience and ruined it.  The documentation is poor.  \n\nBy the way I hired two different ITs to help me.  They too were unsuccessful and declined to charge me. I am very unhappy with this version of the app. Do not deal with this company. They will break your heart.', 'userName': 'Very disappointed Dorothy', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 5, 0, 53, 35), 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12780147, 'body': "Hi Dorothy, I'm sorry to hear that you've had some issues with your purchases in the app. Unfortunately, I was unable to locate your Support Ticket, so it may not have gone through. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-864156 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-01-07T22:29:38Z'}}, {'userName': 'Annnajazzy', 'review': 'This has been a great puzzle until lately when I have already completed the puzzle and puzzle pack it shows up that I have not completed the puzzle and puzzle pack later. Sometimes it does not register as completed in the first place. Otherwise most of the time it seems to erase it as being completed. Very annoying! Then it shows up that I must go to Facebook. I do not have nor do I want a Facebook account. What has happened?', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'App Removes finished status of puzzles already completed', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 10, 14, 58, 34)}, {'userName': 'Dar Dar 60', 'review': 'I purchase White Christmas for 990 of my coins, but it will not let me open it to start building the puzzles. If I can not open it then give me my 990 points or whatever you call them. This make me very upset and l like building your puzzles. I would like to see more puzzles of angles, scene etc that are fun to build.\nI still can’t open the package that I purchase. It still down load every time I try to open it. Please let me open it or give me my money back. Plus it will not give me the free puzzle today, what up.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Won’t open', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 3, 14, 13, 21)}, {'userName': '3klues4you', 'review': "I love this puzzle game!  I do the free one everyday.  I have downloaded other sights for their jigsaw puzzles and have not enjoyed any of them as much as I do this one.  They don't allow me to have all the puzzle pieces at the same time, I have to scroll for them each time I need a piece.  I have downloaded this for my sister (who is 80 years old,  two of my girlfriends, and myself on our iPads.  I am 68 years old and I hope this will help me to keep my mind active as I age.  I want to thank you for this game!  Again, I love, love, love this sight!", 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Enjoy very much', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 31, 8, 39, 43)}, {'userName': 'Reesa Bobeesa', 'review': 'Love this app. I check it everyday, even if I don’t have time to do a full puzzle. Pretty good picture options - some really are awesome. Don’t love the ads, but appreciate I could pay a fee to skip them. Also appreciate earning points allows you to buy more puzzle packs - wish points accrued quicker though. \n\nTwo biggest criticisms:\n\n1) glitch causes scrolling to jump back to the beginning when looking through saved puzzles and bought puzzled packs, which makes it impossible to even see let alone access the ones at the bottom. Very frustrating. \n\n2) Used to have a unique clicking sound when a piece was put in the right place, but not adjacent to any other inserted pieces. This special sound was addictive! And many of us miss it - it led to a different strategy when assembling a puzzle that was quite enjoyable and made the app experience even more preferable to real puzzles.. please bring it back!\n\nThanks!', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Great fun - two criticisms', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 15, 21, 10, 37)}, {'userName': 'KVRDEG', 'review': 'As noted below, I LOVED the new scatter tool introduced in previous update.  The change this time to that function was a step in the wrong direction in my opinion.  Now the tool leaves pieces inside and on the frame of the puzzle, and extended over the outer edges of the table.  More work prior to working the puzzle, I find this EXTREMELY irritating.\n\nHowever I still use this app the most and agree it is the best jigsaw app available!\n\nI have been enjoying this app for years now.  But, I love the NEw and improved version. The new scatter tool is great, it saves an huge amount of time spreading the pieces prior to actually putting the puzzle together.  LOVE IT! Thx', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'New and improved', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 4, 2, 36, 59)}, {'userName': 'misedog', 'developerResponse': {'id': 7938169, 'body': "Hi misedog, \n\nThank you so much for bringing this to our attention. I'm sorry to hear about your missing puzzle packs! We would like to figure out why your screen is freezing and relocate your missing puzzle packs so that we can prevent it from happening in the future! Please open the in-game Settings page, select Support and then Contact Us so that our team can get more information about the device that you are using. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-03-27T21:02:21Z'}, 'review': 'I have been doing these puzzles for months now and consider myself an addict at this point. I love the difficult ones most of all. Recently I download the kaleidoscope puzzle pack, which I purchased, and every time I can seem to complete a couple and then the screen freezes and there is no way out except to delete the app entirely and then download again, which is what I am doing now while writing this review. I have lost all the completed packs that were either free or purchased. But mostly it is frustrating to have to wait for new download when I just want to relax after work. Thoughts?', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Something has gone wrong!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 22, 4, 58, 50)}, {'userName': 'SWeyandt', 'review': 'I have done these puzzles and bought them for quite some time and enjoyed them. But lately since they started giving you four points for each completed puzzle, I have been trying to get enough points to purchase one of the more expensive packs.  But wen I went to redownload one of my previous purchased packs, they took a bunch of my points. Then again recently for no reason, they took off a bunch of my points. All I’m saying is why bother to give the points at all if you’re going to take them away! Also seems to be getting a good deal more expensive for the puzzle packs.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Long time puzzle user.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 18, 20, 49)}, {'userName': 'euterpe66', 'review': 'Please for the love of god get rid of the new preview thingie or move the button to a less obnoxious place. I don’t know or care what it does because I’m not paying 100 imaginary coins to find out and it’s made me have to adjust where I tap to view the completed puzzle which, while not a big deal in the grand scheme of things, is annoying. Change is hard! 🤣 but seriously, an option to turn that new button off would be awesome. \n\nI love everything else about this app! Nice work, everyone.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'I love this app but', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 11, 7, 18, 7)}, {'userName': 'JOJOdall', 'review': 'This is my first jigsaw puzzle app... I play it on my new iPhone 8 in lines, on commuter bus, over a cup of tea, etc. Better than solitaire.\nHowever.... I have a few wishes:\n1- even though I bought the app and some puzzle  packs and no longer get advertisements, I still get constant annoying pop ups to buy more puzzle packs. Wish I could turn these alerts off.\n\n2- when using scatter option, it throws the pieces so far out to the edges, that I often have a hard time retrieving them! The top ones are so close to the edge, that I constantly pull down my alerts page. Annoying. And I have small, dexterous fingers so it’s not me. \n\n3-Scatter also puts a few pieces down in the lower right corner under or near the drop down arrow menu, that keeps opening the menu options. Again, annoying. \n\nWish the creators would fix these little irritations; then my little puzzle meditation time would be better!', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Addicting & fun app... but could use a few tweaks', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 13, 13, 57, 20)}, {'userName': 'vogt_v', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19836005, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-17T17:31:31Z'}, 'review': 'I liked this app because they had tray options where you can put similar pieces and hide them away while you work on other parts. Ever since the update, they completely changed the layout. Now there’s only one tray and you can’t hide it. If you do, all the pieces in the tray are scattered onto the board. This defeats the purpose of the tray because it covers up any pieces under it.\n\nThe menu is also much more annoying, there’s a huge arrow button that just stays on the screen.\n\nIf you like doing puzzles less than 500+ pieces and have no OCD where that annoying arrow then this should be fine.', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'I don’t like the new format.', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 14, 4, 30, 56)}, {'userName': 'rockaway 13', 'review': 'I enjoy playing this game. I solve the free puzzle every day And have purchased quite a few puzzle packs. However, I’ve noticed that there are very few packs that can be purchased using the reward coins now (at least packs I am interested in). I’m also annoyed that I’m constantly asked if I want to see ads for extra coins...I upgraded so I wouldn’t be bombarded with ads!\nI also haven’t received the December 2020 gift package for my IPad...has that been discontinued? If not, would love to get it!\nOverall, I am happy with this game...looking forward to the 2021 puzzle packs.', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Puzzle Packs', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 8, 5, 58, 9)}, {'userName': 'Writechick', 'review': 'I love doing puzzles and I love the fact that the puzzles load faster. However, since the upgrade, the pieces are “sticky.”  In other words, they don’t move smoothly and when you try to move them it takes several tries to “grab” the piece without moving the entire screen around. It’s very frustrating and often takes twice as long to complete a puzzle because of this issue. I would love to give this 5 stars, but because of this problem I can only give it three. :(', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love & Hate', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 5, 19, 4, 41)}, {'userName': 'J. E. Bas', 'developerResponse': {'id': 11675181, 'body': "Thanks for taking the time to submit an updated review, J.E. Bas. Please consider that our studio relies on the revenue generated from advertisements so that we can continue funding the development of our free games and updates. We also provide the option of purchasing a Premium Upgrade if you'd prefer to play the game without seeing any third-party advertisements. Thanks for the feedback! We truly appreciate it because it's something that we strongly consider during development!", 'modified': '2019-11-05T21:24:37Z'}, 'review': "Jigsaw is fun but when it freezes up, which is quite often, I'd like to pitch the whole thing!  It has been freezing up a lot lately, which makes me want to get rid of the app!  More free puzzles would be nice.  The freezing up seems to be happening more often!  Does anyone read these reviews?  Is anyone planning an upgrade?\nWay to many ads and they’re way too long!\n\nWhy should we rate it when nothing improves? It still freezes and now you can’t even start a puzzle until you watch an ad! I would never consider buying a product from these ads just because they are so irritating!", 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Fun but irritating!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 4, 20, 50, 51)}, {'userName': 'zoofie22', 'review': 'I’ve played several puzzle apps and this one is my favorite! Great pictures, nice pieces and several piece numbers (500 pieces etc) to choose from. I would have rated a five with the exception of ONE thing. When you select the “scatter” feature, which I love, the pieces land outside the border but, they are still overlapping. Why scatter them if you still have to go back over them to see each piece? Putting the puzzle together is the fun part. Separating all the pieces is a pain! I really hope you fix this. This is the only app I have that I willingly spend money on. Please fix!', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Almost perfect', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 5, 21, 17, 22)}, {'userName': 'LMVnHavanese', 'review': 'Truly the best in class.....lots of options as far as backgrounds, number of pieces, rotations, etc.   Love the free daily puzzle and the sales are of great value.    I also love that I can make my own puzzles with my personal pictures.   I have referred several friends and they too are hooked.   Puzzle packs are reasonably priced and the clarify, color and variety of the puzzles gives great variety and interest for all interests.   Love the new "word salad", gives me hope that the developers will continue to offer different and challenging packs.   FIVE STARS!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Best In Class', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 5, 12, 1, 58)}, {'userName': 'Lulu!416', 'review': "I really enjoy this jigsaw game. I can play for hours, until the juice runs out of my iPad. I have enjoyed the objectives. I haven't had any glitches like I do with almost every other game I try which makes me love this game more. I love that I can make the screen larger when I am doing a 400 piece puzzle. They are a bit small on my screen but enlarging helps a lot. I like the double tap to turn the pieces. I appreciate the auto save function when I get out in the middle of a game. Overall, this is the perfect game for me.", 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Relaxing and addicting', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 17, 4, 6, 29)}, {'userName': 'Lindam11', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13812175, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-889818 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-02T17:10:47Z'}, 'review': 'The new updates are really annoying.   I used to be able to have the most recently played puzzle first.   Now sometimes the most recently played is first, but sometimes it stays in last place after it is played.   The puzzle packs change places without any rhyme or reason.  Also a completed puzzle remains as unfinished.   Finally, today the free puzzle show was a groundhog, but what showed up was a not a groundhog!  This is great entertainment, but the glitches make it annoying.', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'It Was My Favorite App', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 25, 21, 27, 12)}, {'userName': 'lilwaz', 'developerResponse': {'id': 19468870, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Coins! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a rotating selection of packs available for Coins. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-01T15:39:30Z'}, 'review': 'It’s really sad that you took away the ability to buy puzzle packs with the coins that we earn by doing the puzzles or watching the ads that you give us to watch if we choose to do so. And yes, I know that there are puzzle packs that you can get with coins but they are old or don’t have any really good pictures to choose. We want to be able to buy the new puzzle packs with our coins. Or at least puzzle packs that are coming off the new list. Why did you have to get money hungry and ruin a good thing. And yes, I did buy puzzles with money and I still do, but it’s just sad that you ruined a good thing. Please put back the ability to buy most all the puzzle packs with coins that we earn by spending time playing your puzzles.', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'Coins', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 21, 7, 48, 9)}, {'userName': 'watchingfromhome', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13565519, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app.", 'modified': '2020-02-18T18:07:56Z'}, 'review': "This game is relaxing and well thought out. The scenes are varied enough to be interesting and challenging. Every major update has been a change for the better. Even when the new options aren't my preferences for game play, you can see they are truly listening to the requested of the customers. The pieces are actually shapes and not awkward like some other puzzle games. The options for play are varied enough to meet the needs of all kinds of players. And the game is generous with daily and free puzzle options.", 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game!', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 18, 3, 52, 48)}, {'userName': 'Padifern', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13142721, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble opening the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-874767 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-01-27T17:22:09Z'}, 'review': "I bought this program several years ago because they have such great puzzles. It used to update all the time, but lately there hasn't been even one. So today was the first time I haven't been able to open the app at all. It tries to start, but it shuts down. I tried restarting my iPad and still it won't start. They just introduced a new prize gimmick, so maybe that has something to do with the app locking up. I love doing some puzzling every day, so clearly I'm going to miss it...", 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great game, but...update issues', 'isEdited': False, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 25, 4, 41, 26)}, {'userName': 'Loolooleaps', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 15, 5, 24, 21), 'title': 'LOVE!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'this is my favorite app. It helps me calm down when i have anxiety, gives me something to do while i’m bored, it’s so relaxing and very easy to use! i love how there are minimal ads and that there’s no lagging! another huge plus for me is that there are so many options, not just for the paid version but for the free version as well (which is what i have). i love the different categorized puzzles! moral of the story, i love this app, great game. if you want it definitely get it!! this is the only jigsaw puzzle app that i actually like and appreciate!!'}, {'userName': 'AveryLen', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 11, 22, 23, 52), 'title': 'A good pass time but awful bug', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'review': 'I was playing a 400 piece set with rotation on, and right when I almost finish the puzzle completely bugs out. I hit the hint button and when I went to move the puzzle I couldn’t. Everything was frozen so I exited the app and went back to the puzzle only to find that a bunch of puzzle pieces spaces out across the box with all my work undone. The only thing that’ll work is the trays. I tried exiting and reopening  and anything else I could think of but it seems the only thing to do is delete the puzzle that I spent hours working on.'}, {'userName': '4422nice1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 15, 5, 53), 'title': 'Hate the update!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'The latest update is horrible. Slow response to touch. The whole board moves when attempting to pick up a piece. When using the scatter option, the pieces move far too close to the edge making it difficult to bring back to center. Graphics are smaller than they used to be. I think the developers should test updates before installing them. I used to find using this app relaxing but now I’m just frustrated. Please correct the issues. I’m not alone in my complaints.'}, {'userName': 'Eldora14', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 4, 3, 32, 15), 'title': 'What happened?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 10078580, 'body': "Hi Eldora14, thanks for reaching out and we appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry to hear that you're having some trouble opening the app lately. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-776446, along with more information about the device that you are using. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-08-08T18:46:43Z'}, 'review': 'UPDATE: WHERE HAVE ALL MY PUZZLES GONE? I had SO many completed and stored in a “Gallery;” I was more than halfway done with another; and I had saved so many for future solving. AND puzzles I’ve completed are sitting their appearing unsolved. WHAT DID YOU DO? Since this update all my work is GONE! Changing stars from 3 to 1. So disappointed. \n\nHere’s my original review:\nFor the past 2 days the pieces have been sluggish when dragged. Now, I can’t even get the game to open. I updated, deleted and reinstalled and I still can’t get it to play. Before this it used to be a lot of fun. The puzzles are challenging (or not, you determine the level), and I love that every day is a new free puzzle to add to your  collection. So, what happened? PLEASE get it fixed ASAP so I can change 3 stars to 5.'}, {'userName': 'TinyPixowl', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 10, 15, 11, 41), 'title': 'Lots of puzzles but too many issues', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': '- Tablet gets very warm and battery drains quickly\n- Auto-play audio on ads during gameplay is inexcusable. I loaded a puzzle in progress and within ~15sec had TWO play, the second interrupted the first\n- Pieces get dropped frequently while being dragged, sometimes picking up a different piece on the way. Trying to pick the one piece I want from several near each other rarely gives me the one I’m after\n- “watch an ad for some coins” never works\n- Video ads before loading in a puzzle are a bit obnoxiously long and the proceed/close button is sometimes hard to hit or find. In one case, there wasn’t one at all\n\nThe mentioned problems and the overly aggressive ads don’t make me want to pay anything for the game, not even to remove the ads (I don’t like being pushed into that, won’t support such tactics). This is unfortunate because jigsaw puzzles are one of my most favorite things and the selection of puzzles is great, even the free sets. There’s tons to choose from across many picture categories.'}, {'userName': 'itwasbetterbefore!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 19, 1, 37), 'title': 'Daily Puzzle', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'This was a very enjoyable puzzle before the last update. Previously, the only way to move the main screen was to have your finger on the screen. If your finger was on a puzzle piece the only thing that moved was that particular piece.  Now the screen bounces all over the place no matter what your finger is touching. I spend more time repositioning the screen than putting the puzzle pieces in place. Aggravating, to say the least. Put the game back the way it was and I would give it more stars.'}, {'userName': 'Thelma Louise', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 26, 3, 46, 56), 'title': 'Addicted!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': "Love this game!!!  So much so, that I have become quite addicted to it.  I take some type of device with me wherever I go, just in case I find some down town when I can work on a puzzle.  I find myself staying up too late at night working a puzzle or two.  I keep saying 'just one more piece' in place.\n\nLove the game.  Recommends the game to lots of folk.  Especially, older persons for brain stimulation or persons with disabilities relating to memory loss or concentration issues.\n\nIf I had another hand I would give it a three thumbs up."}, {'userName': 'kbandtheboys', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 20, 21, 58, 23), 'title': 'Addictive!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I’ve always loved jigsaw puzzles, but this makes it so much simpler. No mess, no need for large flat areas and you can make your own puzzles from your own photo gallery! This app has many free puzzle packs and a free daily puzzle. Even if you decide to purchase a puzzle pack, the prices are extremely reasonable. You can usually get 40 puzzles for half of what you would pay for one “real” puzzle. One of the greatest parts about this app... no ads! Other than ads for sales on their own puzzle packs, nothing else!'}, {'userName': '17$#', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 25, 10, 56, 41), 'title': 'Last piece', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I greatly enjoy completing the puzzles, particularly the nature scenes. However, there are several things that I don’t enjoy. The recent “improvement “ that completes the last piece for you by stopping the puzzle at that point, minimizing the puzzle and highlighting the last piece, is annoying and unnecessary.  I would also appreciate it if your puzzles included scenes of people from various racial backgrounds. The world is made up of many cultures and ethnic groups and should be reflected in your puzzles when including people.'}, {'userName': 'Babczi', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 3, 31, 1, 14, 36), 'title': 'Changes', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 22002355, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2021-04-01T22:18:16Z'}, 'review': 'I was perfectly happy playing jigsaw without you adding all the new bells and whistles. Prefer not to have any other sounds except for the board clicks. No Facebook and no one else in my progress. Thank you otherwise it is a most enjoyable game.\n\nI have a lot of puzzles as back up but am refusing to buy any more as I have lost the cost of 3 puzzles that iTunes would not reimburse me.  I depend on cards as gifts. I have to be careful not to waste the money.\n\nNow after you put the edge scatter,etc bar from bottom to side it was annoying. Now your putting it across the top with nasty small print that’s hard to read. Also I cant adjust playing area to the way it used to be. You insist on constantly changing things. VERY,VERY,VERY stressful to game play'}, {'userName': 'KatarinaArt', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 15, 8, 21, 41), 'title': 'What has happened to this puzzle app?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19858963, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-12-18T16:06:38Z'}, 'review': 'How long must we endure this monopoly thing? I paid for add free puzzles, I’ve bought a lot of the packs, how much more crap must we suffer through before we can get back to puzzles we have bought and just want to enjoy? Why can’t I just say NO to the monopoly junk ONCE and be done with it? I get on this app to relax and put my puzzles together, that I have paid for I might add again,  and I spend time waiting on constant pop ups to X out of so I can get to my puzzles. Sometimes they freeze and I have to start the #$&% process all over again. PLEASE fix this. I’m going to start looking for another puzzle app soon if this one remains cluttered with junk!'}, {'userName': 'Jay80202', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 26, 3, 28, 37), 'title': 'The pop up ads are out of control', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 2, 'review': 'If you are not already invested in this game, stay away. The developers are getting greedier and greedier, and more and more intrusive. There are now ads that cannot be closed for several seconds, ads every time you open the app, change menu screens, switch puzzles, start puzzles, and 3 or 4 when you complete a puzzle.  Years ago I paid for an ad-free version, but they slowly put them all back in and now it’s just insane. Look elsewhere if you are not a very patient and forgiving person. If you can get past the constant barrage of ads, the gameplay is actually quite good! It’s just encased in the worst sort of aggressive app imaginable.'}, {'userName': 'Micki102', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 24, 3, 17, 21), 'title': 'Not a fan of the recent changes', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 19354857, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-25T22:20:59Z'}, 'review': 'I loved this app until the changes a couple days ago. Fun variety of puzzles.  Fun little bonus games. But I don’t care for the new placement of the settings on the right and how they cover half of the puzzle when they are open. I like to bounce between the board and peek when I’m trying to find the exact placement for a piece(s).  And I liked having the option to use multiple trays.  I’m a big sorter. I liked the preview option too but the number I had collected have disappeared. I will keep playing for now but will be looking for another app with features I like better.'}, {'userName': 'K.lee2', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 26, 0, 41, 29), 'title': 'Please restore the view - best customer service ever!!!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'developerResponse': {'id': 13812654, 'body': 'Hi there, thank you for the updated review and for the kind words! If you have any other questions or feedback in the future, please feel free to Contact Us. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-03-02T17:35:06Z'}, 'review': 'Thank you for the quick Same Day response, to my concern!!! \n\nJigsaw is  Absolutely one of my favorite pastimes! \n\n  I play several puzzles every day. Please restore the view of the final puzzle, without the puzzle piece outlines. I am sure that this is a way to keep the pictures, proprietary to your game, perhaps you can Add the puzzle pieces back if you Share your completed puzzles. I really enjoy the game, but it has lost some luster, without the enjoyment of contemplation of my completed “ Work”'}, {'userName': 'Me2011a76', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 14, 17, 40, 10), 'title': 'Used to be fun', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 17361652, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-970004 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-08-18T21:17:34Z'}, 'review': 'I have been using this app for years because I love jigsaw puzzles and I have bought MANY additional packs of puzzles.  However, the producers of this app have gone seriously commercial and I now have to watch incessant ads in order to use the “free” daily puzzle as well as other features.  Then they have introduced additional “games” in order to push other games.  Fine, I can ignore those, but on more than one occasion, I still get a promo puzzle opened that I don’t want to work and there is no way of closing that puzzle and their Help is no help at all.  It is automated and wants your life history in order to tell you to look at FAQs that still don’t answer my question!  Much more of this garbage and this app gets deleted!'}, {'userName': 'Nash4343', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 26, 12, 34, 27), 'title': 'Update my review...', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 4, 'developerResponse': {'id': 16320922, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're glad to hear that you're back to enjoying the app, and thank you for the feedback. If you have any questions or additional feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-06-30T22:04:53Z'}, 'review': 'Since the newest update it freezes when opening and I can’t get to the puzzles without closing it and reopening many times. Sometimes I have to come to the App Store and open it that way but now it I can’t open it that way either.\n\nUpdating my review. After installing the newest update it is working wonderful. The only thing I wish they would offer is a way to turn off the Reward offers. I know you can say maybe later but I don’t want them at all. Please give us the option to turn that off. I just want to do puzzles.'}, {'userName': 'Chenan11', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 23, 47, 17), 'title': 'Very good puzzle app!', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'I have had this app for a quite a few years and have appreciated all the improvements that they have made throughout the years. My biggest one was to be able to play it in landscape or portrait mode. They always give you a free daily puzzle and have an excellent variety to choose from to buy. Also, they have many sales. It just makes me feel like they appreciate their customers by giving back a little. It keeps me loyal and it is an excellent puzzle app -win-win'}, {'userName': 'Sgal2', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 12, 19, 0, 18), 'title': 'Do you like putting puzzles together?', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 5, 'review': 'Yes! This great puzzle game gives a free puzzle every day. There are puzzle packs to purchase if you particularly like a theme or artist. The game offers various options for how many puzzle pieces you’d like your puzzle to be. The three year old can do a 9 piece puzzle, while I prefer a 64 piece with rotation. I’m using my cell phone device to play. I think on an iPad I would happily be able to a puzzle with more pieces. I have though, completed all the way to 400 pieces with rotation. Great game! I highly recommend it!'}, {'userName': 'plfor', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 14, 0, 31, 14), 'title': 'Sorting trays', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 3, 'developerResponse': {'id': 12913437, 'body': 'Thanks for the feedback, plfor. It saddens us to hear that you’re not satisfied with our latest update, because we strive to provide every player with a fun experience. Please don’t hesitate to email support@mobilityware.com if you have any other details about how we could improve the game for you in a future update!', 'modified': '2020-01-14T18:16:22Z'}, 'review': 'I would give this app a 5 stars since it was the best puzzle app I’ve found so far, but with the new sorting trays upgrade I find playing it to be extremely frustrating now. I do not use them and feel that the players should have the option to delete all the trays if they want. It is very frustrating to be unable to locate a piece only to discover it somehow got put into a tray. I have sent comments to express my opinion but apparently there is not going to be a change. If they implement any new ‘upgrades’ that are as frustrating as this one I will have to look for another app an delete this one.'}, {'userName': 'Rebelizdav', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 8, 2, 19, 51, 51), 'title': 'A huge step backwards', 'isEdited': False, 'rating': 1, 'developerResponse': {'id': 10077819, 'body': "Hi Rebelizdav, thanks for reaching out and sharing your experience. I'm sorry to hear that you're having some trouble with the app, including being unable to play offline. Please reach out to our support team in-game by opening the Settings page and select Help & Support to Contact Us with more information about your issues. We welcome the opportunity to help you. Also, please consider that our studio relies on ad revenue to provide our high-quality games at no cost! If you're experiencing technical ad issues, reach reach out to our support team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-08-08T17:16:50Z'}, 'review': 'I have played this puzzle game for several years now. During that time, with every “update”, it has gotten more and more intrusive with their sales notices. I actually have bought quite a few of their picture packs even though they mostly consist of royalty free photos found easily on the net. I spend quite a bit of time in places where there is not access to a WiFi connection. However with this last “update”, you now have to be online to play the puzzles which you already own and have downloaded to your device. That along with forcing ad content down your throat which you have to read to dismiss it is the last straw for me. They have lost me as a long time customer.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Terrific', 'userName': 'tab49', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 19, 23, 31, 50), 'review': 'I really enjoy this app. It reminds me of working jigsaw puzzles with my grandmother many, many years ago during the summer when she was my babysitter. Of course back then, they were done on a card table!\n\nI also like the way the developers listen and make revisions to enhance the users experience!\n\nThe only minor problem is the button for the bar containing the home, etc buttons is in the lower right corner where my hand bumps them at the most inopportune times. Could it be moved to the upper right corner?'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good app', 'userName': 'Tworth04', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 2, 3, 29, 27), 'review': 'I do like the app. I use it everyday. I usually a stick with the 400 piece puzzles, the pieces move around easily. There was a recent update done that I was extremely disappointed with. A few days later they seem to have fixed all the issues in the update. Only a couple things I have an issue with..the pieces sometimes move to the outer edge of the table and they are hard to grab, and they took away the objectives. I really liked the objectives part and since the update that has been unavailable. Really hoping they will bring that back soon.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Takes me back', 'userName': 'Cloudy2981', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 20, 4, 34, 34), 'review': 'I loved jigsaw puzzles as a child and I love them even more now I’ve discovered this app. Everything is very “tactile” and I really enjoy moving the pieces around and that satisfying flash when they snap into place. \n\nLove that you can choose the number of pieces. I find 256 the best - with more the pieces overlap on the outer board too much. But for a child you can have as few pieces as four - brilliant. Also love using my own pictures - all my safari animal ones bring back splendid memories. Thrilled that I found this.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'New update NOT better!', 'userName': 'pammyo24', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 13, 19, 47, 43), 'review': 'I used to look forward to the free puzzle every day, plus putting together some from my purchased puzzle packs. Since the recent update, the pieces do not slide as easily. Much harder to get them to lock in place. It’s actually frustrating! I used to think puzzle world was the best puzzle site out there. But not now. I also used to recommend puzzle world to all my puzzler friends, as the best. But unless this problem gets fixed, I will not recommend them to anybody in the future.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Great game! Lots of free puzzles.', 'userName': 'Imaphilosopher', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 8, 10, 2, 29, 1), 'review': 'I love this game. It’s really the best phone game I’ve found. Daily free puzzles, and extra little bonus freebies as you play. Plus, it’s just a very relaxing game to play. Very zen. I always loved jigsaw puzzles, but haven’t been able to make one for years, thanks to my piece-stealing kittens. But this app lets me make as many as I want. I play almost every day. Lots of options for paid puzzles too, if you need more. But there’s enough free stuff that I haven’t needed to buy anything in order to have a lot of game time. Great stuff.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Continues to be great app', 'userName': 'Lardoc', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 26, 20, 19, 53), 'review': "I have had this app (paid version) for over 18 months and wrote a review giving it 5 stars.  I tried two other jigsaw puzzle apps and deleted them.  I don't even bother trying others now.  Puzzles are relatively cheap especially when on sale.   I typically do 400-piece puzzles and do one every day or two.  Tried a 624-piece but that seemed to be too many pieces to manipulate easily on limited space.  App has really slowed on iPad 2 with app version updates but it remained usable.  Much faster with my new iPad 2017."}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Hate the new update!!!', 'userName': 'Forever_shadow', 'rating': 1, 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 3, 10, 15, 39), 'review': "You should be able to turn off the cloud sharing between devices! So mad I wasted a bunch of money buying the puzzle packs now. Since this ap is on more that one device and more than one person plays them I have no goals or objectives to strive for since it shows a puzzle being completed on all devices it's so annoying. Unless they take this feature off or the ability to turn it off yourself we won't being using the ap or paying for any more puzzle packs.\nUPDATE: Seriously how hard is it to understand? With different platforms (iPhone, iPad, iPad Pro) there are different pieces available to you. I have done the same puzzle on all three at max pieces on each and it’s TOTALLY different on each."}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Most used app I have', 'userName': 'JohnEP', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 13, 15, 58, 56), 'review': 'I have loved jigsaw puzzles since I was a small boy. I have a closet full of them.  It is so convenient to have this fine app in my iPad.  I have tried different sizes and settled on 144 pieces as the optimum for me. My wife wen through months of wound care and it was great to have this when I spent all that time with her at the wound center. I really like the puzzle of the day.  I do have a problem with the current version. The pieces don’t lock together as quickly and the lower right corner will push a piece away. This is Dec 2017.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Upgrade finally got this back to great.', 'userName': 'Canoe Hobbit', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 15, 21, 49, 18), 'developerResponse': {'id': 22942541, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! We're happy to hear that you are continuing to enjoy our app. If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-05-21T18:26:02Z'}, 'review': 'The best thing about this app is that the jigsaw pieces look and feel like real puzzle pieces.  You can adjust the table size and appearance, use no sorting trays up to four sorting trays, and personalize a host of other features.  The free daily puzzle, free puzzle packs, and free coins mean that you do not need to pay anything so have access to more than enough puzzles. \n\nI wish they would drop all the superfluous games and extras, but they are easy to ignore. It has ads but they are also easy to ignore.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Frustrating', 'userName': 'KeepSmiling808', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 5, 18, 25, 30), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19678302, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm glad to hear that you're back to enjoying the app! If you have any questions or feedback, please Contact Us. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-12-10T17:32:05Z'}, 'review': 'Just discovered jigsaw puzzles for my iPad & downloaded this one on a friend’s recommendation. When it works it’s great but it keeps sending me back to my main screen for no reason. Sometimes it reloads the puzzle I was working on but often I have to play the game again to get back in. Not sure if it’s the app or my iPad which is running the latest iOS.\n\nI was able to resolve this problem & I’m really enjoying this app. Thanks to the developers for a very quick response to my issue.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Love the puzzles, but...', 'userName': 'CLKobe67', 'rating': 3, 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 7, 5, 35, 36), 'developerResponse': {'id': 20353054, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with a recent event. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1055689 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-01-12T17:00:51Z'}, 'review': 'The games don’t work!  I collected all of the Monopoly pieces but didn’t receive any prize. After the game ended, I got a Finish button which resulted in nothing. The second game to collect Golden Reindeer, which was running simultaneously with Monopoly, almost always gives me a doll toy and then goes into a loop looking for an ad to run. I’ve played this game for many days and haven’t found a single reindeer from dozens of tries. This is frustrating!  Why offer games which interfere with puzzle play and don’t work well enough to at least produce the prize?  They don’t even run the ads, which I’m guessing is your source of revenue.'}, {'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Bring back sorting trays', 'userName': 'Grandchow', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 4, 18, 23, 18), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19351688, 'body': "Thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-11-25T17:44:35Z'}, 'review': 'This has been my favorite go to game for relaxing or just passing time.  I love working puzzles and this is so close to the same experience I have recommended it to all of my puzzle friends.  Now - Who thought it was a good idea to combine the sorting trays into one. Have you never worked a large puzzle before. I don’t want to scroll thru 100s of random puzzle pieces. I even spent time organizing the pieces within the single tray only to have them mixed up again.  Please put the separate sorting trays back.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Long time user', 'userName': 'hedidit', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 21, 13, 31, 27), 'developerResponse': {'id': 15582737, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-05-26T22:30:40Z'}, 'review': 'I think I’ve had this app for about as long as it has been around.  The daily puzzle is a relaxing way to start the day.  I often have at least one difficult one >1000 pieces going in the background for times when I’m bored and waiting in the doctors office or such.  You don’t have to invest a lot of money.  You could play free forever but I occasionally buy a puzzle pack for two reasons. 1. Some are just gorgeous to look at and 2. To support those who create and maintain it.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Things Have Changed too Much', 'userName': 'Blue Eyed Girl Mpls', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 25, 21, 7, 7), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18765741, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the in-game messaging! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-10-28T22:38:39Z'}, 'review': 'I used to love this app and have purchased many puzzle packs and played multiple puzzles everyday. I’m so sad about the changes they have implemented. Sometime within the last 12 months, they stated putting in tons and tons of pop up advertisements promoting various puzzle packs. It’s gotten to the point that I receive 4-6 pop ups for every tap I make. Now they even pop up at the bottom of the screen while I’m working a puzzle. I understand the need to promote future purchases, but please offer us a “pay to eliminate all promotional pop ups” option. I would be very willing to pay a nominal one time fee to never see these again.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Gets worse with every update.', 'userName': 'Jjv351', 'rating': 2, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 13, 20, 41, 38), 'developerResponse': {'id': 16052470, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for your feedback! Our top priority is always to provide the best experience we can! After careful consideration, we've made some changes to reduce the number of messages that display in the game. Please don’t hesitate to Contact Us through the in-game Help & Support page if you have any additional feedback you’d like to share!", 'modified': '2020-06-17T18:12:58Z'}, 'review': 'I purchased this app a few years ago to eliminate all the advertisements in the free version. My wife and I use this app on our iPad more than any other app we have, so eliminating the ads was worth the cost. Initially, I gave this app a five star rating. However, this app gets worse with each update with pop ups advertising their puzzle packs. If you don’t like having to close multiple pop ups before opening a puzzle, find yourself another puzzle app. While the puzzles themselves are great and they have a large selection of puzzle packs to purchase, the extremely annoying, multiple pop ups makes this app a two star app.'}, {'isEdited': True, 'title': 'Puzzle is now back. I can go back to doing it each morning.', 'userName': 'Eve123987', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 3, 4, 16, 47), 'developerResponse': {'id': 13816001, 'body': 'Our team has been hard at work on a new game update, and I’m happy to let you know that it is now available! This should help to correct some of the issues that you’ve been experiencing recently! I hope that you’ll download it so that you can get back to enjoying the game right away!', 'modified': '2020-03-02T22:43:10Z'}, 'review': 'The app no longer works.  The past couple of days I cannot get to my puzzle.  It just ends going back to my home page.  I have started my day with a puzzle for years. Please fix the problem . I do not like the trays.  \n\nI love this app but I would like to be able to restore a single purchase rather than all or them rather have them all back and then delete the ones I do not want at the time.  Puzzles use lots of memory.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Best puzzles', 'userName': 'Me2Piglet', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 4, 16, 7, 40, 47), 'developerResponse': {'id': 14739566, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-04-17T18:55:50Z'}, 'review': 'Of several jigsaw puzzle apps, I like this one best. Features like scatter pieces, lock screen, edges only are great. Ads are not overbearing, and constant availability of new puzzles is a bonus. And now a free puzzle every day.  But alas, update in March 2019 was no improvement- be prepared for frequent crashes, delayed movement, frozen screens, distorted images. Definitely frustrating! And now all these so-called challenges with rewards are a bigger nuisance than the ads. Hence, reducing my 5-star rating. Looking forward to the next update and hoping it will remove the latest "improvements".'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'A problem', 'userName': 'DMJGK', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 3, 12, 19, 40, 47), 'developerResponse': {'id': 14057960, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble with pieces in the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-898565 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-03-17T15:43:29Z'}, 'review': 'You have a very wonderful game and I would rate it five stars easily, except for one problem.  Puzzle pieces will sometimes lock onto the game board in odd locations.  Usually the location will be about half of the piece width from where the individual piece should position.  Once I had a piece lock on completely off of the entire puzzle.  About every other puzzle I build has this problem. \n\nThis problem does not prevent completion of the puzzle, but it is very annoying.  It started about a month ago and is not getting any better.'}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Good puzzle program for all ages', 'userName': 'JudyB429', 'rating': 5, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 11, 14, 20, 36), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12893570, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry to hear that you're running into the occasional issue. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-867529 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-01-13T21:54:47Z'}, 'review': "I always hated jigsaw puzzles, but have become addicted with this program. A good addition is giving the price and number of pieces at the top. It is good to be able to change the number of pieces to fit different abilities\n\nI like knowing where the travel type pictures are and just,noticed a glaring error--Saxon Switzerland is NOT in Switzerland, but in the German state of Saxony. It was so named because of its similarity with parts of Switzerland. It is a National Park in eastern Germany. Another error that I just noticed--there were penguins in the group of Alaska images. Penguins live only in the Southern Hemisphere...except for zoos. There are some in the Galapagos, but none in Alaska.\n\nGood selections of images to suit viewers' interests.\n\nNew problem is when board shows puzzle in progress, all the pieces scatter when 2 pieces were in the wrong place or when I have actually finished the puzzle."}, {'isEdited': False, 'title': 'Bad update', 'userName': 'little roberta', 'rating': 4, 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 23, 2, 46, 38), 'developerResponse': {'id': 13746578, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing crashing in the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-888165 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-02-27T20:59:40Z'}, 'review': 'This puzzle app has been a favorite for quite some time. I have held off writing a review because of the updates, as there has always been a new problem. However, the latest update is the worst. I cannot even work a puzzle. The screen sometimes opens and then blacks out, sometimes it won’t even open. So, the puzzles are now not even available. I’ve purchased many extra puzzles, which are now unavailable.  Please, please fix this problem.\nThe four stars are for how the app used to be. Obviously, now no star would be appropriate.'}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Blvegas', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love this app, but hate this latest update', 'developerResponse': {'id': 8047094, 'body': "Hi there, \n\nThanks for reaching out and for your feedback! We're sorry to hear that you're experiencing hiccups with the game and for any inconveniences that you've encountered. Please Contact Us by opening the in-game Settings and then clicking Support. This will allow our team to gather more information so that we can get things sorted for you as soon as possible! We appreciate your patience and understanding", 'modified': '2019-04-03T17:42:08Z'}, 'review': "I love, love, love this app. I’ve always loved puzzles and this is so much nicer than taking up 1/2 the kitchen table with a puzzle only to find out you lost that 1 last piece. \n\nI’ll admit my issues are minor, but why take something that was perfect the way it was and change it? To top it off, I’m bothered by these issues every time I use the app (which is daily). \n\nThe sample picture no longer gets as big as it used too is a bummer because of the detail in many of the puzzles.\n\nMy biggest gripe is not being able to sort my active puzzles the way I want to. They're currently stuck on default (which I hate) and the app freezes every time I try to change it. \n\nPlease fix it so I can adjust my review and give the 5 stars this app deserves.\n\n***UPDATE***\nThe sorting issue has been fixed! Thank you so much. It was driving me crazy.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 1, 5, 50, 30)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Braidwood', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Ghost puzzle pieces', 'review': 'They let you play for a while, then with no warning, a ghost picked up a piece up, and it immediately turns white!  And when you let it go, it sticks permanently to the board! I read all the FAQ’s, close/open app, rebooted phone, deleted and restored app...still ghosts!  \n\nSent info to developers, with screen shots......crickets.........  Am I the only one with ghosts?\n\nSo I can’t finish a puzzle at 35% or 75% or any time!  After a few days, I had to look elsewhere to get my puzzle fix.  I didn’t find anything I liked, so here I am asking the developers to look into the ghost pieces!  C’mon, I’m jones-ing!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 7, 19, 23, 49, 22)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CEricSterling', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'Love the puzzles but..', 'review': 'I thought this might help my old mind work better but did not want to spend my fixed income on lots of puzzles. I did decide to pay for an ad-free option thinking that the points I earned could allow me new puzzles every so often.  However, the number of points received for a completed puzzle is so little it does nothing to allow me to actually have access to free new puzzles except for the one per day and the ones I got initially. I realize the developer’s goal is to make money but it’s disappointing that I paid for no ads without any real additional benefit except the elimination of ads.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 27, 1, 34, 25)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'redcruisergirl', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Fix me', 'review': "I hate the new way it is supposed to be better. It messes up when you try and open it, it is jerky. Just not the same. I have bought a lot of puzzle packs. I love the puzzles. Just leave it alone. If it ain't broke......Jackie Daniels I can't order new puzzle packs. It won't let me. Says I already have it. I don't r I wouldn't be ordering it. I guess I don't need to spend any more money on your puzzles, I will just play the free one every day. Even that one doesn't work right sometimes. What are you doing? Fix this, please.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 19, 17, 5, 51)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'frusratedinga', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Agree with “Update is awful”', 'review': 'Especially making the sample picture so small. My eyes are bad and now I can’t make out details. Also hate the “floating” table. What’s up with that’s? You’ve taken so much of the fun and joy out of this game. Every time you say you are “fixing” I just groan inside. The more you fix the worse things get. AND I’M PAYING FOR THIS “fun.” Ugh! I still love it enough to keep trying to play; plz stop “fix in’” things...unless...you want to go back back and fix all the things we told you about.\n\nFrustrated in GA', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 23, 16, 17, 54)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Enjoy every day!', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Absolutely the best, bar none!', 'review': "I'm hooked, and have been since first downloading the app.  Great choices for level of difficulty, backgrounds if you choose to purchase more, endless choices of puzzle packages with new ones added frequently, and when completed removing the lines to enjoy the picture. You truly have captured the beauty of the world, the whimsical, the holidays, etc..  A real plus for puzzle lovers, who have difficulty picking up the puzzle pieces, with this app they may continue the joy of tackling jigsaw puzzles.", 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 8, 22, 25, 58)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lanat543', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'After upgrade-It Is TERRIBLE', 'review': 'I use this app Everyday!! But, after they recently upgraded- It is slow, puzzle pieces will not drag, the background screen is smaller and now they do advertisements on the bottom of the screen that is VERY distracting!! I am Very disappointed in what they call “an upgrade” And Facebook ( I do not do) keeps a message on this app that I cannot make go away which tells me Jigsaw Puzzle is working with them!! This is very disappointing as well. When I’m relaxing doing a puzzle I do not want a flashing advertisement at the bottom of the screen. I also don’t want to see a continuous red dot from Facebook wanting information! All I can say is I am shocked at all the changes they have made!!!!!!!! I will not be using Jigsaw anymore!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 15, 20, 22, 54)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Susie Two Toes', 'rating': 1, 'title': 'I want to delete It. It WAS a great, relaxing app :-(', 'review': 'I\'ve loved playing this game daily for years but the last two updates ruined it. Dragging pieces is slow motion. They don\'t "snap to" their spot anymore when you get close to placing them. When you touch and drag a piece the whole game board moves instead of the piece. When viewing the pic of the puzzle during progress you get this little pic that you can\'t zoom on. This feature is no longer useful, especially when doing a 400+ size puzzle. The sort feature locks the game up. I\'ve bought a lot of packs that I haven\'t played yet. Now I don\'t want to play. I just want to delete this app :-( Programmers, please go back to when it was a pleasure playing this game. Until then, I\'m gone!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 13, 19, 34, 4)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nuggins904', 'rating': 3, 'title': '3.6 update', 'developerResponse': {'id': 6277581, 'body': "Hi there, \n\nThank you for reaching out! We'd love to assist you with this situation. Please follow the link to our support page and one of our customer support reps will be more than happy to help you out! https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/", 'modified': '2018-12-06T21:25:01Z'}, 'review': 'I have loved playing this app for years.  It is very relaxing. It nice to get a free puzzle everyday. I also think that it is reasonably price when you purchase other packs. I like that now you can accumulate coins to purchase new puzzle pack. I love the holiday puzzles the best. I look forward to the holiday gift packs (advent packs) every year. But this year in this latest update it said the 2018 advent pack was available. Today is 2 weeks later and still no advent pack. I’m very disappointed and this is why I only rated it 3 stars instead of 5. Note to developers don’t say we are going to get something then don’t follow up on it.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 12, 1, 18, 34, 6)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'PuzzleFan4452', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love app, but one aggravating issue', 'review': "I've enjoyed this app for several years. The latest update has caused my puzzles in progress to all show the wrong picture...of a puzzle I finished a few days ago. I usually have 2 or 3 going, and none of them show what they actually are, so I'm guessing, trying to find the one I want to work on. This has been happening since the last update. Please fix! Otherwise, I LOVE this app and I would (and have) recommend it to all my friends, as well as strangers on airplanes!", 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 11, 30, 7, 9, 7)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'r.sargent', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Great Puzzle App', 'review': 'I’ve been playing this app for about 5 years.  I’m very happy with the addition of the trays. Before trays I spent a lot of time moving pieces around so I had room to work the puzzle. Not anymore. The trays allow you to put specific pieces in different trays which gives more room to work! Great addition. Also, you earn points for finishing different levels of difficulty so I don’t really have to buy puzzles unless I want to. Enjoy the daily puzzles too. Great puzzle app for everyone who loves jigsaw puzzling!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 5, 18, 25, 25)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'New moon 2', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Latest update restored this App to greatness', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23074132, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-05-28T23:30:38Z'}, 'review': 'Finally!  A sensible, unobtrusive options update that actually works. Personal settings have been restored and carry through every time you open the app. Easy to use and ignore options menu at the top that’s not in annoying primary colors and disappears quickly. Speed loading upgrade.  I haven’t tried using coins to buy sets so I can’t comment on that part. Otherwise Everything that was always great about this app has been restored. Kudos to whomever was responsible!  And thanks for Listening to long term users.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 26, 9, 54, 18)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Old Puzzle Solver', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Update Diminished App', 'review': 'The newly updated app has the pieces being far less responsive to the tap, hold and move.  This has added about 25% more time to puzzle solving and dampens enthusiasm to start another puzzle.  The frequency of the pop-up ads drives me nuts.  The new quick view, etc... bar on the right now requires an added click to do what was easy before.  It seems that every new feature takes away from what was so user friendly before.  You had a very good thing going and have made it much more difficult to enjoy puzzle solving.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 25, 7, 26, 15)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Bliss Blingle', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Only have one wish... make that two', 'developerResponse': {'id': 17566093, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-08-28T18:08:05Z'}, 'review': 'I really enjoy this app, and there are tons of great puzzles, from easy to hard! My only wish is that there was a way to move large numbers of pieces at once, rather than one or two at a time. Overall, I highly recommend it.\n\nEdit - Still love the puzzles, and think the sorting trays are helpful. However, I wish the developers would enable the player to lock the trays open. They slide closed at the slightest touch, which is incredibly irritating.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 25, 0, 35, 23)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gma_Annie', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'The Best', 'review': 'I have been enjoying the puzzle for years now! I have no complaints at all! Just trying to keep up with the free daily puzzle gives me plenty to occupy my mind!\nMy abilities are limited physically as I had polio as a baby, which has left me in a wheelchair. So doing these beautiful puzzles not only occupies my time, but it helps keep my mind sharp!\nThank you for having such beautiful pictures to put back in place once I choose to scatter the pieces!\nKeep up the good work! I recommend this app to young and old alike!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17, 9, 33, 44)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Marziell', 'rating': 3, 'title': 'App has changed', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16492206, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-07-08T18:03:18Z'}, 'review': 'This use to be the best puzzle game out there. Lately, even though I pay to have it be add free, the app has so many pop up adds promoting puzzles within the app. At anytime you have to say no to 2-4 different puzzle packs they’re pushing. It’s irritating and frustrating! Also, what’s happened to the puzzles you could buy with earned coins? Almost none available, and you have to search and search for them. Can you at least mark them as such if you are offering them. I’ve been using this app for a couple years now and am getting more then frustrated with these changes.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 7, 4, 1, 53, 13)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Nannie165', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'My Daily Favorite', 'review': "Love it!  I do the daily puzzle. Even the ones I'm not so interested in. If I enjoy it a lot I download an extra to do later.  I have purchased several extra groups so I have plenty to keep me busy. Find them fun to have when traveling, recovery from illness ( be it surgery or a cold), or when I'm just bored.... I organize before starting and the bottom right does not go all th way in the corner. Why is that.  Like the new 💡and the way the piece lights up when in place. It’s one my favorite app on my iPad...", 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 30, 20, 32, 8)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'BrittNMcD', 'rating': 5, 'title': 'Love this app!', 'review': 'This is one of the best puzzle apps by far! They always have sales going on and awesome packages! Plus, a nice assortment of free puzzles, and a new free puzzle daily! They also have EXCELLENT customer service. I purchased a puzzle pack a few weeks ago and it didn’t show up on my app, so I reached out and not only did someone get back to me in a timely manner, but the issue was instantly fixed, I got the puzzles I paid for AND they gave me 500 free credits! If you like puzzles, I definitely recommend this app, I play it daily! :)', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 18, 17, 34, 31)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Esbabdk1937', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'Very entertaining.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12089628, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2019-11-27T18:04:37Z'}, 'review': 'I enjoy how this app allows me to change the various difficulty levels.  Only problem I experience is when I try to count the number of puzzles I completed.  Accidentally touch one of the puzzles and it comes up.  Then you have to start your count over.  Get to 8 or 9 hundred and it gets frustrating.  It would be nice to show the number of completed puzzles on the first screen block, then you could review only the ones you care about.\nIf the count was displayed by the number of pieces in the puzzle, that would be great.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 27, 2, 35, 34)}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Macofun', 'rating': 4, 'title': 'A pleasant retreat from a busy day', 'review': 'My husband started playing this a few months  ago and I would tease him because the pieces looked so small I though how can this possibly be relaxing. But then I gave in and tried it. I’m hooked. It’s so fun. \n\nThere are just a few little glitches that earned the 4 stars. \n\nFree puzzle. Most days I get a “network unavailable” message and am not able to open the free puzzle. I try get it from WiFi and from net work but neither work.\n\nNo puzzle appears. When I choose a puzzle (and wait through the add) just a blank board shows up. I’m not even able to use the controll arrow in the corner. My only option is to close the app and reopen it. \n\nDuplicates of the same puzzle. I’m pretty sure this is user error but in my puzzles in progress I seem to have multiples of the same puzzle. \n\nIn all though this Is a great app. Shoot we all have little glitches from time to time right? 🥴 \nHappy Easter Jesus is Alive', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 21, 14, 12, 15)}, {'title': 'Fun puzzle app', 'review': "I love this app! Yes, it takes a bit to get the hang of moving pieces around, but I love doing puzzles on my phone! I do the free daily puzzle with my coffee in the morning and I've gotten several of the packs to do, too! Fun!\n\nUpdate: March 2019; it seems to me that it’s getting harder to move the puzzle pieces around after the last couple updates. It’s almost to the point where it’s too frustrating to play. And I dislike the sound effects when the pieces rotate. I’d like to be able to turn it off.", 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'JerseyLou', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 10, 14, 42), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great puzzle app!', 'review': 'I love it and play it all the time. My husband hates it because I’m on my iPad all the time playing. \n\nOne point - at one point when you hit scatter pieces, it put all loose pieces on the outside of the frame. If you hit scatter again, it re-scattered all the pieces on the outside of the frame. If you hit scatter again, it would again re-scatter all pieces outside the frame. I REALLY liked that option. I understand it’s a pain if you organized the pieces, but putting an option to scatter or not scatter would be nice. \n\nThanks!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'hddebbie123446789', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 21, 20, 15, 25), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love This App!', 'review': 'in addition to the free puzzle of the day, you can buy groups of puzzles for extremely reasonable prices. I love that when I open the puzzle, I can choose whether I want 36 pieces or 800 or various numbers in between. So many puzzles to buy at very reasonable prices, customization of how many pieces you want the puzzle to have, and no worry about lost pieces makes this  a real winner for me.  I downloaded the app around 10:30 last night, and when I looked up, it was almost 4:00 in the morning!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 12601328, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-857846 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-26T21:06:35Z'}, 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Florida Laura', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 29, 22, 27, 22), 'isEdited': True}, {'title': 'Unethical Ads', 'review': 'Do you not even bother to check review sites before you accept add for scam products??? \nGo to trust pilot (a review site) and check the reviews for Blaux portable AC. It\'s a horrible, scam-level product, and many of the reviews state the item they were buying was called "Blast" portable AC, NOT Blaux, and of course you are running add for this SCAM company.\nYou do realize that once your customers loser $89 to this scam company, that\'s less money they will have to buy puzzles... That did occur to you, right??\nSeems almost every ad you run now is a scam. Like the FAKE diet concoction scam illegally using Lori Grenier and Dr Oz, who NEVER featured the product at all!!\nShame on jigsaw puzzle for running SCAM ads using likenesses of celebrities like Lori Greiner who has been personally fighting an ongoing battle against these unscrupulous companies using her image to hawk their bogus "miracle fat loss" crap. \nHave notified Ms.  Greiner of your unethical ads misappropriating her likeness,  so prepare to be sued,  devs. Too bad that Almighty dollar is all you care about.\nAND let\'s not even get started with the issue of WHY DO I EVEN HAVE ADS WHEN I PAID YOU REAL MONEY TO GET RID OF THEM??', 'developerResponse': {'id': 22726001, 'body': "Thanks for reporting an inappropriate ad. At MobilityWare, we have strict guidelines that don't allow political, sexual, religious, or violent content in ads. We proactively block these, but sometimes one can slip through. Please Contact Us from within the app's Settings with a screenshot of the ad so we can work to remove it. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-05-10T16:53:00Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'i.Love.Richard.Ross', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 6, 12, 15, 1, 35), 'isEdited': True}, {'title': 'Not happy', 'review': "Do not like the new format.  It is confusing.  Also the apps are unrelenting.  Not enjoying working the puzzles as much.\n\nI agree with the above.  The top ups for games are endless, I hate them.  I also don't like the new pieces that once you put in a pieces, it lights up, how stupid.  The puzzles aren't fun to work\n\nThe new format is smaller and difficult to enlarge.  I liked the other format with the info markers at the bottom, instead of at the side.  This doesn’t make it easy to enjoy working the puzzles.  I liked it the way it was before this change.  Why the change, can’t you leave it alone?  Not happy ☹️", 'developerResponse': {'id': 19548422, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! I'm sorry that you're unhappy with the latest update to the app. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so thank you for taking time to leave a review. Please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-12-04T17:55:31Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': "Annie'sp", 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 29, 22, 11, 38), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'New side games and pop up ads are annoying', 'review': 'The puzzles and functionality are great and, over the past year or two, have completely replaced physical puzzles for me.\n\nHowever, the recent updates that include trivia games, spinning gift boxes, popup ads, etc are really annoying.   I have an hour or two a day to spend on this app.   Do you really want me spending most of it on all these silly side games?   If I do that, I have no time to spend playing puzzles I’ve already purchased, much less a reason to buy additional packs.\n\nThe only benefit I get from these ‘extras’ are a few coins, which are of very little value now that most puzzles can’t be purchased with them anymore.  \n\nConstantly closing out these unwanted distractions also interrupts the flow of puzzling..... I end up quitting after a couple of puzzles, feeling frustrated rather than relaxed.    Now that I’m staying home more, maybe it’s time to resurrect the card table and put out a physical puzzle again.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 16178771, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your feedback! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-06-23T22:45:46Z'}, 'rating': 3, 'userName': 'Katie4164', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 6, 19, 7, 16, 17), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Oct 2019 Updates negative', 'review': '\ufeffI had the best fun until the Oct. 2019 update. I had over 20+ puzzles freeze. It’s frustrating when you’re 2/3 to almost finished and it freezes up and you have to redo the puzzle all over again. I had one puzzle freeze at 100% which is impossible because the max is 99% on the “puzzles in progress” screen. The top part of the screen glitches when you come back to main screen.\n\nI have had the background screen go to black and then not able to resize it. The whole screen locked up then I had to exit out of the app and come back in again. Sometimes I’ve had to turn my phone off and turn it back on repeatedly to get the app to work. \n\nI have had groups of three or more puzzle pieces get connected together at odd angles. During one puzzle I had 9+ such abnormal little groupings.\n\nI noticed that you restrict how many words you can speak into your speaker recording (3-4 words) to rate this app.. really? I used an email draft on my phone and copied/pasted it back into the rating section.', 'developerResponse': {'id': 13472402, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-883477 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-02-13T18:38:15Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'Happy Vet!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 2, 13, 0, 3, 40), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Just one issue', 'review': 'Update: in reading the reviews, I found out how to lock the page so it won’t move. The bar at the bottom disappears so I didn’t realize I could do that. So....now I’m happy!\n\nI have stated this in previous reviews. I love playing but the only glitch is when you accidentally touch the page rather than a puzzle piece and the entire page moves. It’s irritating. I play against myself time-wise and those moments eat into my time. Fix that and my review would be 5 stars easily.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'powakit', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 30, 3, 41, 11), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Easy to play', 'review': "I like this Jigsaw game because it works like a real puzzle. The ability to vary the number of pieces makes it easy to share with all ages. I especially like the ability to use my own photos as puzzles. The choice of puzzles is terrific, and reasonably priced. You really can't go wrong with this!\n\nJune 23, 2019: recent updates have turned this into a non-functioning app! I get a black background, no ability to reduce the screen to get pieces flung to the edges, no choice of backgrounds, and more. This has been my favorite iPad app that I use daily, but it's turned to an unusable mess! Can't we go back to a few updates ago?!\n\nOct. 2019, we're back to the same problem as above!", 'developerResponse': {'id': 11063475, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're seeing this issue again. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and then Contact Us with your ID MW-812381 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-10-04T20:24:59Z'}, 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'ShoeMaven0', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 10, 4, 6, 53, 58), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Best Jigsaw Puzzle App', 'review': 'Great variety of puzzles and plenty of achievements to conquer. Multiple sort options makes it easy to find the specific puzzle pack you want to work. A lot of bright happy puzzle packs to buy and you can earn in game coins to buy some for game coins so all puzzle packs don’t have to be bought with actual currency. And sales offered often so those you do pay actual currency for can be bought for a reasonable cost. I have tons of puzzle packs that were only 99 cent (USD).', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Nonna1121', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 19, 3, 37, 5), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'App freezes consistently', 'review': 'The game itself is good and offers a lot of free puzzles. There’s also the added feature of coins that can be earned from completing puzzles, which can be used to purchase puzzle packs. However, any fun this game provides is made pointless because the app consistently freezes and crashes. The app freezes after at most 20 minutes and sometimes even after only 5 minutes, but either way, sooner or later it freezes and crashes, resetting any progress you made to about two minutes prior. This makes it nearly impossible to play.\n\nMy phone software and app software are both up-to-date.', 'rating': 2, 'userName': 'gawdz0rz', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 28, 6, 29, 26), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Newest Update(s) Annoying!', 'review': 'UPDATE: Your response suggested that I was running an outdated version of the game. You are MISTAKEN. I play on my iPad and it is mostly certainly updated and was back when I left my original comment. The issues below still persist.\n\nThe last couple of newest updates have messed up the smoothness of play. The game pieces are harder to maneuver not following finger well. The puzzle in progress is no longer in the beginning and you must search for it. The default button freezes the entire game. The extra screen when you first open app is super annoying and takes longer to load. I’d rather go back to the older version!! I used to play almost daily for relaxation, now it just annoys me! Please fix ASAP!!!!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 8186970, 'body': "Hi Khandie #1, \n\nThank you for updating your review. I, completely, understand your frustration. I'd love to clear things up between us. Our response above regarding versions is in reference to your current game version, not your device version. We should have been more clear and, for that, we apologize. \n\nI'd like to address your concerns regarding our newest update. Our team would like to dive deeper into the default button freezing your game, longer load times, and gameplay smoothness. The best way to do so will be submitting a support ticket through Settings, scrolling down to Support, and clicking Contact Us. We hope you can provide us the opportunity to help get you back to the relaxing game that you know and love. Hope to hear from you soon.", 'modified': '2019-04-12T14:56:39Z'}, 'rating': 1, 'userName': 'Khandie #1', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 4, 10, 11, 30, 45), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'This game is awesome,but...', 'review': "Jigsaw puzzles games are awesome, but has somethings I would like to get rid of. First, I don't like how it has so many adds. I mean like every time I start to do a puzzle, add comes up.                                                                                              Next, to me I think that all the cute puzzles are at least 3.99 I don't want to buy every awesome to the cutest puzzle on the game!                                                                                                But other than those 2 reasons I think this game is pretty rad😇", 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'samsung1956', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 4, 15, 21, 59, 8), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Loved the puzzle - hate, hate, hate the update!', 'review': 'Please put it back the way it was before the “improvements”. \nI hate that swooshing sound when you turn the pieces. I’m now playing without the sound, but now I don’t get the satisfying click when a piece goes in. Also, the puzzle is jerky and the whole feel of it is different. I have bought hundreds of puzzles and have been playing for many years and now I HATE it. \nPlease, I beg you! Put it back the way it was before!!\nI urge people not to get this app. It was the best puzzle, not it’s awful and annoying.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Rozndon', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 2, 55, 57), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Latest update not an improvement', 'review': 'This has always been my favorite puzzle app. However the latest update that was done last week makes it not one of my favorites. I use it on an iPad and now the pieces are much harder to move. You have to touch it just right or it won’t move. Also it will not allow you to move the whole screen up, down or sideways, so that you can see the pieces on the edge. Whenever you try to see the edge of the board it just moves back. It won’t stay there. I now find it very frustrating to use.', 'rating': 4, 'userName': 'Cedar4756', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 16, 21, 4, 3), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Great puzzles', 'review': 'Spend hours with free and paid puzzles. Adjust # of pieces, even great for small kids and challenging for the best. Great features like auto move all pieces away from the board, show edge pieces only, and auto drop pieces make game play smooth. \nOnly suggestion: add a feature to put all pieces in single pile to facilitate sorting. Most of my time is spent gathering the pieces into a pile (quite a task with 1000 pieces esp when you can’t reach both sides of the board). Auto dropping the pieces when trying to pile them is frustrating.', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'MAJ Death', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 2, 2, 2, 52, 59), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Very entertaining', 'review': "Love this puzzle app!  It's easy to get hooked on playing this great game. Have lots of friends now playing it too!   Fortunately, the game saves your puzzle so you can come back to it later. The free version is great. Upgrading offers special value packages which have been a good value lately.  Like the layout and easy path to manage your puzzles. Playing game on my iPad is wonderful but I imagine it would be very challenging on phone size screens. Highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys puzzle challenges.", 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'OCDOCDOCD', 'date': datetime.datetime(2018, 1, 21, 16, 24, 32), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Love This puzzle app!', 'review': "In my opinion Jigzaw Puzzles is the Best!  I have used this app for over 5yrs and never tire of it.  I like using it on air flights since I don't need Wi-Fi to play puzzles I have downloaded before the flight.  The puzzles give me hours of entertainment.  I truly like the free puzzle each day.  I buy puzzles too but like the idea that the free puzzles give me an overview of what is available to play in the app. Nice too that you can pick how many pieces you want to work with.  Awesome fun for anyone who enjoys putting puzzles together.", 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'Janey2422', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 18, 12, 53, 58), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Fantastic Jigsaw Puzzle App!!', 'review': 'I’ve used this app for years and never had any issues.  The puzzles choices are superb with many free puzzles and also inexpensive puzzle packs with quality pictures. When you load the puzzle, all the pieces stay on the screen so it’s easy to sort thru them to find the ones you want. Lots of features included such as multiple choices for background colors, ability to select number of puzzle pieces, hints, and many more. I highly recommend this app!', 'rating': 5, 'userName': 'NewsFreak2020', 'date': datetime.datetime(2017, 12, 16, 1, 56, 45), 'isEdited': False}, {'title': 'Very nice app, will use a good chunk of memory over time', 'review': 'I have enjoyed this app for five plus years. \nThere are many helpful options to set for making your puzzle solving suit you.\nOne option I wish they had - I did not realize it stored your completed puzzles. This used a significant amount of memory. I found it by Objectives and completed puzzles. To delete them I had to click on the puzzles one at a time. Took quite a while. They need an option not to save them or at least the option to delete multiple puzzles at a time!', 'developerResponse': {'id': 23029088, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for the review. We appreciate your suggestion! Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so we really appreciate you taking the time to leave a review. Please don't hesitate to Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2021-05-26T17:43:30Z'}, 'rating': 4, 'userName': '2flights', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 5, 21, 15, 59, 36), 'isEdited': False}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Gambler Anon', 'review': 'I used to love this puzzle app but the objectives are a fail.  When you try to do the Long Haul you may get close but you won’t make it because your previous completed puzzles will zero out and you will have to start again. I have had this happen multiple times and contacted support but just get an apology and have to start over. If you don’t want to challenge yourself go ahead and give it a try.  But if you like to challenge yourself, skip this app!', 'title': 'Objectives are a joke', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 1, 6, 1, 36, 46), 'developerResponse': {'id': 20352162, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with that objective. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1054559 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2021-01-12T16:02:55Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'swea7erweather', 'review': 'Okay, I LOVED this game, it was the absolute perfect puzzle game. However, the most recent update is inconceivably terrible. Why did you change the menu to make it more obtrusive and difficult to use? And most bafflingly, why why WHY get rid of multiple trays and make the one we’re left with immovable and impossible to make bigger or hide??? People do puzzles in different ways, so flexibility should be the priority, and this update has eliminated much of the useful adaptability. PLEASE  bring back the previous UI.\n\nUpdate: REALLY??? You actually updated the game without fixing these issues? Exactly how many more dozens of consistent negative reviews do you need to go back to how the app was before?? This is not a complicated thing!', 'title': 'WHY CHANGE THE TRAYS AND MENU???', 'date': datetime.datetime(2021, 2, 22, 16, 11, 51), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19656319, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We regret that you are unhappy with the latest version of the app and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. Our team is always looking for ways to improve our apps, so please Contact Us with any additional suggestions or feedback you have to share with our team. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-12-09T23:01:09Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Con-tessa', 'review': 'This is my favorite puzzle site and I have purchased many of the sets. My only complaint is about the points a player collects when you finish a puzzle. In the past, these could be used to purchase new sets. Now the developer only has a limited amount of sets to choose from and most don’t interest me. It is  a really good puzzle site. This site has puzzles for every interest and level. There is a free puzzle every day and the puzzle sets to purchase are very reasonable, usual.', 'title': 'I’m Addicted', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 8, 28, 0, 36, 11), 'developerResponse': {'id': 17612801, 'body': 'Hi there, thanks for reaching out about purchasing packs with Credits! We recommend scrolling down to the "Treasure Box" section in the app\'s Store to view a large selection of packs available for Credits. You can also browse "All Packs" and tap into each pack to view that pack\'s purchasing options. Thanks for playing!', 'modified': '2020-08-31T20:53:03Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': True, 'userName': 'Jguy3139', 'review': 'Update. I officially hate the new tool bar. I use an iPad mini and the new toolbar covers so much of the screen that I have to close it in order to see the board, but to get a peek, I now have to click twice and I can’t always see the part of he board that I want to, and have to move things around to see what I want to peek at.  \nDon’t just try to mollify me by saying “how valuable user feedback is. we so appreciate it” (just B$) SWITCH THE TOOLBAR BACK. There is no improvement with the larger toolbar. \n\nI would also ask for the number of ads to be reduced, but I think that is hopeless, even though I pay for my puzzles. And now coins are harder to use.. what’s the point of trying to collect them?  \nUnfortunately, I haven’t found a better app, I’m just so disappointed in this one. I’m lookin, though. \n\nOld review:\nI like doing puzzles but now I’m looking for another app. They have just ruined it...all of their updates have made things harder to play. I hope it works out because I won’t be here to find out', 'title': 'New update ruins things...again', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 10, 13, 5, 41), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19350608, 'body': "Thanks for contacting us! I'm sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the recent update to the app. Our studio truly values player messages and comments, so we really appreciate your review. Please Contact Us through the in-game Support page if you have any additional feedback to share with our team. Thanks again!", 'modified': '2020-11-25T16:40:13Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LAMom@Tunes', 'review': 'I enjoyed this game for a long time and didn’t mind all the ads. Displaying ads in exchange for one free puzzle a day is a fair trade-off, but forcing a player game to either make a purchase or they can’t play, is just plain greedy and unacceptable. They block the screen with two ads, both of which cost money, then force the player to choose one before they can continue. I searched for a way to exit for many minutes but there’s not even a tiny almost invisible “X” stuck in a corner. I hoped it was a one-off, but no luck. After waiting a reasonable time for them to fix it and having the same problem over and over, I’m deleting the app.', 'title': 'Forces players', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 9, 21, 45, 7), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19759704, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry that you've encountered misbehaving ads. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-1031332 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-14T19:19:30Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lollibear2010', 'review': 'I love this app and love doing the puzzles but am SO tired of it crashing, losing my done puzzles, not tracking my completed puzzles and ADS. I purchased a package of puzzles cause I was tired of the ads but have had nothing but problems since. First, the puzzle pieces in the tray are in order of how they go into the puzzle which make it less challenging. App crashes often which requires me to delete and reinstall app. This in turn deletes all record of which puzzles in my purchased packet I’ve completed. And today, not only am I seeing ads on puzzles I’ve purchased, but app crashed and deleted the progress I had made on a puzzle which was about 75% complete.', 'title': 'Frustrated!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 12, 6, 19, 16, 41), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19656542, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you're having issues with the app. Our team needs some info about your device to help. Please use this link https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ to Contact Us with your ID MW-1029483 so our team can help. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-12-09T23:31:56Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'lamvxkjv', 'review': 'I love doing the puzzles.  You have interesting events but they never pay off what they say.  For example; I downloaded another game for a free puzzle. I got a message saying “here’s your free puzzle “. It was the free puzzle of the day!  I didn’t get my free ones for the Halloween event either.  With all the events I’ve completed I’ve been cheated out of about 50 puzzles.  I used to buy a lot of packs but no more!  I work on the ones I have and occasionally find an interesting pack that can be got for coins.  And trying some other puzzle apps. So far they seem to be more honest.  Overall I still like yours the best.  It would be perfect if you’d just pay off on your contests', 'title': 'Frustration', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 11, 18, 6, 31, 55), 'developerResponse': {'id': 19250718, 'body': "Hi there, thank you for the updated review! I'm sorry that you're continuing to have issues with events in the app. Our team needs info from your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-1014534 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2020-11-20T18:09:44Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '23XKenyatta', 'review': 'So many intrusive ads! You can’t even get past some of them them. Theres no place to shut it off. I particularly dislike gambling because I have observed how it has ruined people’s lives, and now my favorite puzzle app features all these stupid ads for slot machine type games. Its so offensive. I don’t want any part of these games of chance. If you live near a casino or you ever visited one, or you know someone who works in a casino, you know what sad places they are. These stupid gambling ads pop up all the time on this app. It’s especially annoying when you are just trying to do a puzzle that you paid for. \nThe ruin of this nice little puzzle app is so in line with this year of 2020, just ugly and greedy.', 'title': 'Used to be good!', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 10, 30, 3, 47, 14), 'developerResponse': {'id': 18859147, 'body': "Thanks for reporting an inappropriate ad. At MobilityWare, we have strict guidelines that don't allow political, sexual, religious, or violent content in ads. We proactively block these, but sometimes one can slip through. Please Contact Us from within the app's Settings with a screenshot of the ad so we can work to remove it. Thanks for playing!", 'modified': '2020-11-02T21:04:32Z'}, 'rating': 1}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Pappus614', 'review': 'I’ve played this game for a while. I would have given 5 stars about a year or 2 ago. When you finish a competition and earn the free puzzles, you still get pop ups for it. And...It keeps adding pop ups. Like crazy. Lots of pop ups. And now when you get to the last piece, the puzzle shrinks and the piece glitters. I’m pretty sure most people know that they are almost finished with the puzzle. But whatever. Kind of annoying. That all aside, I do love playing. It’s my “go to” when my husband watches some manly show. Lol. I love the freebie daily puzzle.', 'title': 'Love it but...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2020, 9, 2, 22, 37, 54), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Chuck in MN', 'review': 'This app has gotten extremely frustrating in the last few weeks. It crashes on my iPad with no warning or apparent reason, and multiple times in a session.  Just suddenly gone, closed, with no warning.  Recent work can be lost.  It used to be fun, but now it’s just stressful not knowing when it will happen next.  I’ve tried rebooting, closing unused apps, etc. to no effect.  Please fix this.  My IOS software is up-to-date and there are no pending app updates.', 'title': 'Crashing unpredictably', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 5, 31, 4, 44, 29), 'developerResponse': {'id': 9031605, 'body': "Hello Chuck! Thank you for reaching out! I am very sorry to hear you're having so much trouble with crashing. We would love to help with this issue. Please reach out via the following link: https://mobilityware.helpshift.com/a/jigsaw-puzzle/ and reference MW-570374. We look forward to addressing your concerns! Thank you for playing!", 'modified': '2019-06-05T23:46:05Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'thornydee', 'review': 'I love doing these puzzles.  I do have a problem with the scatter making pieces go way to the edge which makes them difficult to grab.  I’ve also had the issue where now I cannot get the past gift packs that come each Christmas.  The 2019 pack loads nicely, but when I try to load 2018, 2017, and 2016 they just keep loading even after the notice comes up to tap to open.  They just start downloading again.  These are still available for me to work on, aren’t they? Or do we lose them after the season?', 'title': 'lost puzzles?', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 12, 4, 19, 21, 24), 'developerResponse': {'id': 12235613, 'body': "Hi there, thanks for reaching out! We're happy to help! I'm sorry to hear that you have a few issues in the app. Our team needs info about your device to help. Please open the in-game Settings page, select Help & Support and Contact Us with your ID MW-845616 so our team can take a look. We look forward to hearing from you!", 'modified': '2019-12-05T16:56:58Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Winds12', 'review': "I like the fact that I can control the number of pieces in the puzzle I want to play. There are tons of puzzles from which to pick.  Of all the puzzle apps out there I like this one the best because the pieces are more like real jigsaw pieces...they don't look so digitized.  last, but not least, I can make my own puzzles if I so choose.  I absolutely love this app but there is no way I’m paying $3.99 for 15 puzzles.  No matter how badly I want them.  I have bought 100s of puzzles.  Still love your app as long as you don’t price yourself out of my reasonable range.❤️❤️❤️❤️", 'title': 'I love this app.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 7, 19, 20, 48), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Marcia Furman', 'review': "Love it, so simple to do and just think, never loose any pieces. The repetition of the music can get annoying. New review: last few months has been terrible. Crashes, doesn't play nice with Pandora playing in the background. I've used this app for over two years and loved it. Now can hardly play it at all. When it crashes it doesn't save the last several moves. The touch also seems different, often end up moving a different piece then the one I put my finger on.\nThank you, help info really solved the troubles I was having. Didn't crash tonight nor shut Pandora off. Well done.\nStill freezes up. If I move pieces to fast it freezes up.", 'title': 'Addicting', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 11, 1, 3, 1, 43), 'developerResponse': {'id': 11605219, 'body': "Thank you for your review, Marcia, and I'm very sorry to hear you're having trouble with freezing in the game. We would like to learn some more about your device and situation, and can better assist if you reach out to support. Please contact us via Settings - Help & Support - Contact Us and reference MW-826433 so we can dig into this issue more deeply with you. We look forward to helping you address this!", 'modified': '2019-11-01T21:06:52Z'}, 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'bbw79', 'review': 'I have loved Jigsaw Puzzles for along time, but have recently became very disappointed!!  I have puzzles that will not complete!!!  One has an extra piece but absolutely NO open space for a puzzle piece and another that two pieces locked together but when you place them where they belong....fits perfect, coloring is exact and there is even wording that matches perfectly but the the pieces will not lock in to complete it......and there are no other pieces to choose from. \nAlso how long does it take to update Objectives?  I try to open it and all I get is a message saying that changes and updates are being made......it has been at least 2 months!', 'title': 'Disappointment', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 6, 17, 17, 58, 21), 'rating': 2}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Daisysamcookie', 'review': 'I luv luv luv this app! The one thing I REALLY don’t like after this new upgrade is that the puzzle picture blows up to a smaller size than before. I have a pack that is very detailed and I need a larger view, the way it used to be. Also the scatter option has changed. The pieces scatter into the center of the work area and you have to manually select the scatter button on the bottom menu to finish the scatter. For me, those two items should go back to the way it was before.', 'title': 'Upgrade', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 29, 14, 2, 22), 'developerResponse': {'id': 8049934, 'body': 'Hi Daisysamcookie, \n\nThank you for reaching out! We appreciate your feedback regarding our latest update! Your comments have passed it along to our developers for future consideration. Additionally, we are always open to suggestions that will improve our game. Please message us using the Support option from Settings within the game with more details on what we could do better. We respond to all feedback and suggestions.', 'modified': '2019-04-03T23:34:53Z'}, 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Battle2', 'review': 'I really like this game. I play it every day. My granddaughters “fight” to play it when they visit. The last update to the game did not improve its function. Now the pieces are harder to move. At times I stop playing because it is so frustrating. Hopefully future changes will improve this. Also trying to use the points I earned to buy a game was problematic. My points were reduced AND I was charged for the game. However the game is still fun, even with the problems.', 'title': 'Good game but has some issues.', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 3, 7, 47), 'rating': 5}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': '731pat', 'review': 'I sent the following review and the reply said I was using an old version.  I went out to get a newer version. I have the same version as the one on the App site.  What is the newer version???\nI have used this app for years.  With the latest update my puzzle pieces scatter outside the play area.  Since they are outside the play area they become impossible to move.  The puzzle pieces are also hard to move period. I will chose a piece and the whole board moves.  The settings I request do not hold.  My time to finish a puzzle (if I can even finish the puzzle has doubled or tripled).  Very, very frustrating', 'title': 'Newest update', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 28, 14, 11, 4), 'developerResponse': {'id': 8031090, 'body': "Hi there, \n\nThanks for reaching out and for your feedback! We're sorry to hear that you're experiencing hiccups with the game and for any inconveniences that you've encountered. Please Contact Us by opening the in-game Settings and then clicking Support. This will allow our team to gather more information so that we can get things sorted for you as soon as possible! We appreciate your patience and understanding", 'modified': '2019-04-02T21:39:40Z'}, 'rating': 3}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'LRPRLAUREN', 'review': 'Ever since you upgraded the puzzle software, it hasn’t been functioning as it used to. Everything is changed, and now it’s just not as fun as it was, because it’s so much more sensitive. Moving the pieces around on the puzzle is almost like moving around a Ouija board. You don’t even have to touch the piece in order for it to move around the board, very odd. The board itself is always moving around because it’s very sensitive to the touch. I almost wish for the older version, it was much more fun because it didn’t take as much work.', 'title': 'Review', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 24, 6, 59, 45), 'developerResponse': {'id': 7972743, 'body': "Hi there, \n\nThanks for reaching out and for your feedback! We're sorry to hear that you're experiencing hiccups with the game and for any inconveniences that you've encountered. Please Contact Us by opening the in-game Settings and then clicking Support. This will allow our team to gather more information so that we can get things sorted for you as soon as possible! We appreciate your patience and understanding", 'modified': '2019-03-29T18:47:58Z'}, 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'Whisperace', 'review': 'So I would wait a bit till they fix it, this messed up bit is the only reason this game is not the 5 stars I would normally give it.\nI lost all my coins and was left with 60,I had had over 300.\nAnd the puzzle screen you used to be able to enlarge the picture till full screen,and now it maxes out to a third of that.\nSince my eyesight is not the best,I count on that to help me finish this. I just spent a fair amount on several puzzle packs and would hate to be unable to play them do to issues.', 'title': 'The last update messed up the game a bit', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 18, 22, 47, 37), 'rating': 4}, {'isEdited': False, 'userName': 'CcdScorpius', 'review': 'This has been a fabulous puzzle game. I’ve put together many packs of puzzles.  I love being able to do the daily free puzzle. I love all the different themes of puzzle packs that I can buy. The last upgrade though does not allow me to zoom out as far as I used to. That has resulted in puzzle pieces that are so far off the edge of the screen that I struggle to retrieve them, sometimes pulling iPad toolbars out instead. Some pieces are almost irretrievable, they’re so far off the board. Can you please return the zoom out feature?\n\nOtherwise, I love this app.', 'title': 'Fabulous but ...', 'date': datetime.datetime(2019, 3, 17, 4, 58, 36), 'rating': 4}], []]